Oh things fall off those pieces of shit
yeah they get too fancy already whoops
sorry
cheers sir thank you my pleasure my
pleasure
hmm don't know we were talking about the
different kinds of comedians that they
really are like meme comedians they're
they're comedians they have a special
skill set it's a different thing yeah
but they have a special skill set in
fact one of my closest friends bearded
humor he's like I would say if he was a
stand-up comic he would probably be in
my top five in terms of creativity in
terms of talking about things in a
moment and just all out funny you know
the skill set for stand-up Nana used to
be I started 25 years ago used to be the
only way you proved yourself as a person
with any type of comedic integrity was
on stage standing flat-footed in front
of an audience that you probably don't
want you to be funny or no have have no
idea to be funny but these mean these
many people in Photoshop especially
because our tension is so quick and so
drawn to social media people you know
people are as excited about stand-up as
they used to be and now it's excited
about what's going to be the newest
thing was comedic what's gonna be the
hottest photo the Photoshop wants me to
have his image well that's the easiest
to get right it's easier to get it on
your phone you get those images those
photo shops and the memes that are funny
that hit you immediately but I think
right now I mean especially when you go
to the store don't you think there's
like more people interested in stand-up
now than ever yeah but it's so weird in
a tricky place now people are interested
in it but people are so they're more
critical to stand-up now more than ever
used to be a time when you could just
say what you wanted and people say that
person was outspoken outraged but they
were themselves but now you tell one
joke one blogger one troller die sex
your jokes and preach your jokes don't
do the set up the callback don't do the
tag and next thing you know you're
yeah but I think with a lot of events
that happen today
they're happening now comedies gonna
start taking a shift back to people
honest voices I think so too I think
there's a direct backlash to like
political correct thinking and the the
type of policing that you're seeing you
see I mean yep I understand police and
stuff in the Catholic Church the police
is stuff in a regular Church but you go
to a comedy club to police you are in
the wrong place
and nine times out of ten people that go
to a comedy show they'll walk out in
protests their mindset was to protest
before they even went there
they're just waiting for the trigger
word just like well I'm never in there
leave well it's a way to get a lot of
attention you know being outraged it's
something especially if you kind of have
a point like if you could you could
articulate that point it's a great way
to get attention
with you know the trollers and the
people yeah I mean there's a giant
market for that like if you think of
like if you're a comic and you're a
famous comic and you're outspoken you
know and someone could take your bit and
take it apart like they've done with
Chapelle learn any times right both
Chappell owns it so much he owns it I
was just with him you I've never seen a
guy that flips our sets over like he
just write another five-minute bit
that's weird right but I think good
thing is now I've watched some of his
new stuff and things he's doing now he's
going to lead to charge for comedians
having a voice I did show him at the
store recently and at the end of he said
comedians now more than ever you need to
grab your balls because it's our job to
talk about the things that are bad in
his world yeah and we are the best
people for it well it's the last line of
free speech it's the last real line of
free speech because you don't have a
real boss right like when you go on
stage it's no one's no one gives you a
single word of direction right you know
that's that's a very unusual place to be
in in terms of entertainment and it's
something that reaches especially with
someone like Dave millions and millions
and millions of people every time he
does a Netflix special every time
somebody does anything that's film it's
gonna hit millions of people you know I
have no one telling you what to do no
one no one giving you
try to tell you what to do you you
resisted any did you do what you want to
do he's a real comic he's real but you
have that I've been following for what
I've been a comic store for years I'm
always in the cut and I've seen you do
some material like how the fuck does he
get away with this because he fucking
owns it and I really believe when I'm
saying in a lot of ways like in other
things it's obvious that I don't really
believe it what I'm saying because I
think it's funny for us as much as
people although I need that lift I think
for comedians is therapeutic for us too
yeah there's a hundred percent can you
imagine the situation you have argument
with your wife or somebody and you can't
go onstage that night just to talk about
how pissed off she made you yeah oh yeah
so as much as people get stuff out of us
when you come to a show we get now our
psychiatric exam right on the spot
you're also like you could complain
about some shit right you can complain
about someone saying something or
something how or you could turn it into
a bit and you can get hundreds of people
just dying laughing all right I've had
some I had some conflicts online one of
them with a bunch of vegans they're
awfully so you interface so much every
once well you just want to punch the
troll face just read the comments that's
the problems occasionally you read the
comments like holy shit like people just
want you dead because you know anyway I
had this whole thing in my act about uh
chasing down the hashtag vegan cat
somebody wrote some mean shit to me
and this hashtag vegan cat was like what
the fuck is that I went through there's
a whole community of people feeding
their cats vegetables and but but in
doing this and like tracking this down
and shape and like it makes you realize
like okay I got to write a bit about
this cuz I could just get mad easily
right so yeah it writes itself I could
just get mad and be upset that someone's
being mean to me or gonna turn this shit
into fuel or you could just go fucker
just destroy the whole vegan community
it's not the feet it's nothing wrong
with vegan systems every other group I
don't really know too many vegans that
aren't assholes brother I know some
vegans aren't assholes I don't know rich
role he's a great guy my friend Joseph
he's a great guy Neal Brennan he's a
vegan he's an asshole
oh man real gritty is a motherfucking
prick man people to turn into s when a
tassel is embodying him yeah the
especially people are glasses cuz they
were they have like million different
frames that's when you had the next
level to be an S so when you switch your
glasses up but Neal Brennan is a vegan
ease one of those I don't think vegans
should be allowed to go to a barbecue
and complain they complain they all come
to a fuckin barbecue they got their
patties they upset if you can cook and
meat on a grill that was designed to
cook dead animals yeah that's what they
get up and they get upset so all vegans
are assholes I'm sorry it's not all of
them but I see what you saying all the
ones that I know because when they make
them but they make the transition they
can't just become vegans they got a they
just gotta let you know I'm vegan now
they can't wait so you say dinner is it
vegan options it's vegan vegan they just
can't do it they got to make an
announcement I think I'll let everybody
know that I'm a vegan now and I'm an
asshole they think they're saving the
world and the worst is a vegan that
always gets colds yo whenever I see Neal
bring a coffin how's that bigger life
cause you fuckin flew habitats
motherfuck I always say there's the Ian
Edwards I'm like dude you look tired you
look exhausted I take pictures of Ian
every time we fly together and he falls
asleep I take pictures of me and just
say there be 12 in your diet get a steak
in your motherfucking day he said he
would eat meat but he would only eat elk
that I killed he said he would eat some
some elk meat so I'm gonna cook him some
elk meat we're gonna we should film it
it probably like bounced around like
super person like he's been eating
nothing but lentils for the last 20
years
elk how do where does one go to even
shoot a help Utah Colorado has a lot of
them there's some yeah how do you
transport is there a loss can you
transport your kill or you have to break
it down wherever where you kill it you
you have to have first of all you have a
tag and then when you when you have a
tag you're allowed to get a certain kind
of animal so say if it's like you have a
buck deer tag that means you can kill a
male deer and then once you kill it then
you break it down and you either bring
it to a butcher shop and they turn it
into cuts for you or you could do it
yourself and wrap it up but you have to
have a tag you have to register that you
kill that animal and you have to keep
that that was that with you that
paperwork with you so if you transport
the the meat across state lines and some
game warden pulled you over and said you
have a deer in your car and you just
reducer he's got to see that you have
the paperwork for it I want to sell
races at all but I don't know a black
person that could tell that story if you
just told about killing butchering up
yeah transporting a date in yeah that's
what you have to do that's how you do it
you got to put them on ice I mean you
have to you have an obligation to try to
save the meat you know you wouldn't you
have an animal and it's down you want to
get it into like a packaged form as
quick as possible you want to break it
down
sometimes just dude sometimes people
hang things they hang things and they're
drugged that's just from the cold - so
you mentioned we're hanging on I think
about Jesse some whole bunch of people
back in one interview crazy story
interesting such a mess it's a mess and
I think was really awful about it
because his story is it was like good
and bad of it do good of it was when
people thought that he was violated and
he was a victim of a hate crime it
wasn't just gay people there was a
Russian to support him it was like thug
dudes you know I'm saying it was like
some real motherfuckers day I was like I
mean I saw exhibit make a comment it was
a community of people away from the LBG
community that thought it was really
fucked up yeah and that's that was the
beauty of the incident because it kind
of brought people together and
but the fun thing about it was just a
lot and it's so fucking unfortunate it's
so unfortunate somebody would play on
people's emotions
yeah for or to benefit themselves it's
it's awful well there's a certain
narcissism that exists in show business
that I think you and I both know very
well you know we've all seen it and
thankfully the people that seem to be
the best for whatever reason they have
the some of the best handles on it like
Dave doesn't show any of that right but
there's some people that do and that
narcissism is weird that that wanting it
to be all about them and they'll do
sneaky shit like fake an attack like
that's that's a symptom of that same
kind of thinking it just it just got
desperate and when in some crazy way it
was awful for some reason because you
have people like when I first went down
you have people that normally people did
you look at okay that's my friend or
whoever you started having SIA dies and
that's just it's just it's so messed up
and a thing also has messed up as much
as people wrote for him when they
thought that it was an injustice
everything nobody's really talked about
it nobody's addressed they're like you
know this is our movement these are
things that we're trying to progress
toward but this was isolated incident
and just say how awful it was yeah you
know the beautiful thing is that people
way more tolerant than they ever have
been before
they're also beautiful things attack
didn't happen right so I don't have to
think of one more atrocious thing that
people have done to another person for
no reason right so that's good and it's
also good that you get to see where that
kind of stuff heads where you're always
looking to be a victim to the point
where you realize there's like some sort
of currency in being a victim so people
fake being a victim right so they can
get all this fucking attention it's good
for us it's good for us to see because
you see that now next time a story comes
around it's just a live fishy
it's like the boy cried wolf and that's
what's unfortunate about it because
anytime someone says that they were a
victim of such heinous crime like that
you want to believe them you want to
believe them the minute they said you
know this incident it makes you start
second-guessing and that's another thing
that was awful about the whole thing and
all the smoke he's getting right now and
he deserve because I've been
turn his ass up on Instagram yeah on
everything he deserves everybody knows
he deserves it everybody knows he
deserves it all right I read a story
once about this dude who said that he
punished his daughter by making her sit
in the backyard by a tree then he went
out there an hour later and she was gone
and the suspect that Coyotes got her and
I remember thinking that story going man
that just does not sound real that does
not sound real it just seems weird yeah
he's got left a baby in the backyard and
coyotes got it like real was like a newt
like a like I'm not walking or anything
like well he left the baby like to
punish the baby like a two-year-old left
it in the yeah well it turns out he
really didn't do that the kid died and
he had stuffed it in some drainage ditch
somewhere so this I don't remember how
the kid died what was the reason for it
but it was one of those stories where
you hear the story like Jesus it doesn't
sound real sometimes stories don't sound
real yeah no the next thing we're gonna
be second-guessing everything yeah I
hope not but when it first went down I
thought it was a I thought it was a
situation where Lee Daniels and and
Jesse sat down in the writers room and
Lee Daniels Lee anybody got any ideas
for any new episodes it's just I got one
nobody's gonna believe it look I'm gonna
be hungry shit I'm gonna go to Subway to
get a 12-inch foot long and Lee Daniels
like I believe that way through the
whole story and lee daniel said if
nobody's gonna believe it
Jesse got upset and told the totally
Dennis we'll see I'm gonna shoot it
myself
and he walked itself into that that
whole scenario and it's just awesome
that's entirely possible that's what it
sounds like it sound like now you're
gonna say now anybody that was a fan of
Empire which I know a lot of people
that's listening were being very
sarcastic when I say that they're gonna
be like second-guess the storyline of so
many dough shows the storylines of
everybody who ever said today were done
wrong with anything you the awful thing
about this is now people will be ready
and quick to just second-guess anything
that you say yeah that's that's a fact
until we can read each other's minds
till we could find out for sure that's
gonna change the whole game get
reasonable is mine yeah
definitely gonna lemonade a lot of
street fights most of them I mean you
talk about your your imminent dangerous
senses are gonna be one up 100% if you
read somebody's mind yeah yeah I don't
know if I want to do that I do I like my
secrets I'm all-in
I like having secrets too but I like
going all-in I think all-in
I think I think it's just inevitable we
were talking about it in the last
podcast about there's something they're
gonna be able to shoot in your neck What
did he say the way described it
something like an injection that will
take over sort of well it's what the way
it interacts with your brain cells
thread yeah thread itself in your brain
cells so literally like heaven I think
we're gonna have built-in Wi-Fi internet
systems where we're connected to each
other's heads so this will people
request was like a study they want to
try out on people or you can just go to
your doctor and say shoot me with the
brain shit I think eventually it's gonna
be shoot me with the brain shit first
you got to get it on a clinical trial
who is close to no brain cells and
that's when we tried but what does that
movie there was a movie where a dude got
shot and they put some chip in his back
upgrade upgrade yeah and it did that to
him it turned to be he'll I got access
to all the information he knew martial
arts you knew how to move and everything
was happening like it was a basically
like a supercomputer inside of a person
that can do everything other
intelligence is right down the line if
they're talking about this shit shooting
it into your brain we're gonna share a
network we're all gonna be on a network
there's going to be a lot of white
people join in that effort because black
people don't flop with needles bro no
say that but how many how many athletes
are on steroids yeah but that's a
different that's a different animal I'm
talking about the average black Dino
that's limb Brownsville or okay Oh watch
this all I do I got this new brain
should reject it through a needle fuck
you up shit
that's hilarious and that's probably
true I mean how many people are gonna
try that look who's gonna be the
earliest adopters getting a shot in your
neck that lets you read everybody's mind
and then what are you gonna do is
interested
it's gonna fuck our job up man because
like half of what we do is say shocking
shit that people know is kind of true
but you can't believe you're saying it
did you have people not the old winter
the subway Joe coming up if you could do
that that'd be the ultimate fucking joke
later right there oh yeah two guys
walking a bar you don't get anything
through nets yeah no I think I think I
have to pass on it keep it bro yeah it's
gonna be weird when would you get it
like you wouldn't would you want to be
the first comedian to have it oh you
almost want to be a fool who doesn't
have it if you want to be a comedian
yeah yeah I want to watch other
motherfuckers do it first yeah oh but
the problem is they're gonna fucking
take over like finances like instantly
they're good as soon as they upload
their brain they're like I'll just get
all this money I'm gonna figure out a
way to get all this fucking money and
then by the time you shoot it into your
head they've already got the system
locked down but see that's you have
different level of people that you hang
out with because they'll be like how do
you get the money but my life will be
like yo we got this brace you how are we
gonna get some ass off of this dog you
can get it if you read a broad ma you
get all I ask you all of it yeah you
would know but then it wouldn't be fun
like half the fun is not known if
somebody likes you right you don't know
what's gonna happen it's just gonna work
out was that movie with Mel Gibson or
you can he could read women's minds well
what women want and everyone remade it
right now it's coming out really I've
seen the billboard that's a lair
Roger Henson and Tracy Morgan that's
hilarious Tracy Morgan
I had a conversation with Mel Gibson the
other day on the phone it was one of the
weirdest things in my life I'm just
happy to know I have friends they're
gonna say that so you have a lot of
sisters as my friends get you you know
how you kill a elk
all right let's do between a bucket so
so you got trigger one time and then is
like Oh in a count yeah so I'm gonna
phone Mel Gibson the other day I was too
far with ray-ray the other day well I'd
rather be on the throw with Ray Ray not
it's not bad to talk to Mel Gibson it's
just it's like okay he's a regular he's
a dude he's a guy he's Mel Gibson he's
no Gibson but you know like fucking for
real like you're talking to me like for
real it's a real conversation with Mel
guess yeah that would be that would be
very interested and that's never run
into him he's a super nice guy he did a
podcast to talk about the stem cell
doctor that helped his dad oh yeah he
came on for Doctor
Riordan he's this guy in Dallas that
treats people down in Panama's got this
radical stem-cell therapy that you can't
get in America and it fixed Mel Gibson's
dad was 92 and he was in a wheelchair
and now he's a hundred he's walking
around he's issue with stem cell
situation in America's I don't hear too
much the last time and I'm not probably
as knowledge as you are but wasn't
Christopher Reeve trying to UM promote
stick more stem-cell research I'm sure
he was yeah he had that spinal cord
injury from the horse horse accident he
was doing those horse jumps yeah eating
dead babies like at the stem cell
they're the best they're also pushing
the boundaries like they're the ones out
there that are promoting like ridiculous
preposterous comedy that's completely
offensive but brilliant that's one of
the things that when we were doing the
Chappelle show the one of things I
appreciate more than anything about this
show was how it brought people of all
races backgrounds together to do the
thing that we all should have in common
and that's to laugh and also to not push
the button but touch on racial stuff
without having an angry undertone and
that's what's so fucked up about America
now whenever you talk about race it
feels like one side somebody has to tend
be tense yeah you don't say it's never
like a comfortable state it's never like
and I know things are intense but we we
have to be able to laugh first once you
get people to laugh you can talk about
whatever you want and then even if a
person is not in agreement or have the
same thoughts at the end of day you
should be able to respect that person
and I think those same people should be
able to share laughs yeah and there was
a fun silly non aggressive quality to
the way you guys put together sketches
that got the point across and everybody
laughs everybody laughing Joe to this to
this day when I travel I do my audiences
it's interesting because of course you
would think I'm gonna draw a certain
audience because I'm black
you know which I am and I do but it's
weird I could go to places and it's
straight up like Dave call them the
muddy boot motherfuckers you don't say
it like the muddy boot motherfuckers the
muddy booth - job they got John Deere
right you know say they know all that
elk shit you talkin me you know dude
John Deere errs know all that shit they
probably call it right now say no Joe I
figured got that wrong you gotta cut the
heart from you know you gotta go left to
right
you know and I've noticed I have those
people and that I have hood people but
it's just interest when you can look out
and this is what that show did when you
can look on the audience and you say you
have all of America there it was the
best sketch comedy show in the history
of television I think I think in living
color is very very very overlooked
people forget how goddamn making and
groundbreaking and we write both of them
like is wherever I go people always they
always bring it up as a big put in my
career but I was like I don't know about
every 10 years or 15 years it comes a
time where the audience wants something
different yeah they shit water down yeah
same way when in living color same way
with Def Con - Jim came out you know you
didn't see a lot of black stand-ups on
TV but they had this underground circuit
that was bubbling that was bubbling and
it was it was the right time when they
pulled out the right time and Living
Color comes around it's the right time
yeah Dave Chappelle show comes around so
right time to rich a partial even though
that only lasted three or four episode
it was the right time and it caught on
at the right time
yeah in terms of like groundbreaking
sketch comedy shows though like that
that that KKK bit where he had the the
rough line let me tell you something
do you understand in the history of
sketch nobody has premiered a sketch
show and came off so hardcore the first
night this was just as hard as it comes
when they ended that shit when when we
asked why why after all these years
would you so so he was like because
she's a nigger lover
I was like that was one of them that was
one of joints I'm like
wake up everybody homo sleep it and I
know from that moment that this show was
gonna be on the next level
yeah well was he was free there was so
many when we did
funny thing a lot of things I used to do
I was a warm-up comedian for Chappelle's
Show
so whenever you saw a Chappelle's Show
episode and if you noticed that whenever
I came on-screen and I'm not being cocky
people would go nuts they play oh shit
and the reason was because I was a guide
to one of the audience before Dave came
out so I knew if I go gut the room out
at the beginning people don't people
don't even dated nobody knew I was
anything if I ripped that at the
beginning and then when they see me on
the screen it's gonna be like it's gonna
be big you know worse yeah and and and
that show man it was just like there was
just a lot of things to happen and show
people like the Rick James sketch the
day we played that during the wrap
arounds man that should hit so hard I
was like this shit is crazy crazy funny
thing people know is that Comedy Central
did not like that sketch here's this
funny yes it caught me said you didn't
think Charlie Murphy was funny in it and
I watched we ran as shit just to let you
know the directional people think I
wasn't shit six times and every time man
every time you heard Dave say I'm Rick
James bitch it was gut said it was gut
said yo what did the five figures say to
the face where's Lance I had a sketch
was getting kids suspended in school
right he was a school take teachers what
the five figures I say I'm Rick James
bitch all right Tom you're suspended for
a week you and Dave Chappelle go to the
fucking timeout room it's one of the
most iconic sketches of all time how
wrong was Comedy Central I mean not just
a little wrong a lot all the way wrong
all the way wrong like almost like
suicidal it's like hmm
but then it goes to shows like it goes
showed you know how you have a vision
with something you
see it yeah everybody may not see it
well that's the problem with working
with executives - right it's like their
vision is different than your vision
they'd like to shape you in a certain
way
and you know and I know Dave ran into
problems with them wanting them to
change language so they could get more
sponsors yeah I think I think that that
was an issue and to be quite honest I
don't know exactly what happened
everything is speculation you never
talked to him I never talked to him
buddy because the reason why I never
talk to him about it cuz I didn't need
to talk to him about it you know saying
um that show was great for me it was a
great great platform for me and then it
was more important my friendship and how
he felt away from that was more
important then so why'd you leave wrong
where'd you go yeah the first time I saw
him like as long as you okay cuz it'll
be scary for anybody one of your closest
friends somebody you work with all of a
sudden just goes to another country you
don't hear from them you know yeah but
when I first saw him after that like I
was excited and I was just like you know
where whatever it was we had a moment we
made history and people go on people
going to do other things and just keep
it moving well that show was really
people always say Daniel if it wasn't
for the Chappelle show this and that
jebel show gave me a platform for people
to see what I've been doing for years
and you know you see talents in the club
now you see a muffin as good as shit
good at shit but will they get the right
platform for the world to see them you
know saying and that's kind of separate
you see one person go from one level to
the next level who has the right
platform to showcase a talent and that
show did that for me and with that said
I gave that show everything every time I
had a second on camera every time like
if you look at two and a half years on
this show if you had an editor breakdown
how many times I spoke it will probably
be a total of four minutes I'll get a
word here I get a phrase here but I told
myself whenever they turn that
motherfuckin camera I'm going for it
like even if I'm not talking I'm gonna
make my body so expressive that your
eyeball draws - with remember Neil told
me one time he said because
always I always get a mic cuz I'll come
up with a line is something to throw in
and we were doing a Rick James sketch
and I didn't have a mic I was a yellow
Sam and Neil said you're not gonna get a
mic bro
I said I might I might I was like I
might say something he was like you're
not gonna say anything I was like fuck
so I told myself when he smacks this
motherfucker because if you look at that
same when he smacks my I said what I was
like a like a Washington Square Park
mine I pushed that I said what fuck I
made my face he didn't give me a mic but
I said what the fuck with my face and I
always as people always as mothers
showing every young actors and stuff
like that you talk to me what do you
need to have like with anything the best
thing to do is figure out a way to get
on a set you get on a set you do back
now you learn you get opportunities you
got to be around it you got to get the
skill set but when it's time to show up
you got to show up you have to show up
let's talk a lot of Sh I want to do this
out there and then when they say action
love I'm saying ready to show up and
every time I fucking say action in
situation you got to show up well you
have a great ability to express yourself
on stage and on TV some people feel
uncomfortable they just like to be cool
while they're telling the jokes like
some people have that style like your
style is big you know III appreciate you
know you ever see Jim Breuer yeah I saw
Jim Breuer like the first time I saw him
we were really young jebra yeah we're
really young and my manager Jason
Steinberg says was the time I said
what's up know when I first saw Breuer
he's so physical and I remember think I
remember you get tired watching
you know I remember Jim Breuer like
basta comedy club days yes yeah I mean
where you I mean that's why we mention
his name I was like yeah which is Jim
Breuer are we speaking of that's Georgia
today our dad jim breuer today i mean
he's still real energetic but I'm
telling you when I tell you I used to I
saw him in his super Prime he was a
murderer and he was he destroyed she
strongly like shudder like like who's
gonna do anything after that
you know who dude i ate shit following
him once but one of the worst bombings
in my entire career i was headlining jim
was middle and we were working together
we did you know millon is a prime spot
to fuck somebody up that surprised by 25
we had a good MC - so the emcee was like
got the crowd really popping the middle
came on and Jim just rip the place apart
right you have ten apart and I was
scared and I had a blown-out ACL at the
time and I was wearing cavalry cheese I
was wearing like sexy pants pause with
these stupid pants and people wore in
the eighties man like they were tight at
the top and they flared out a little
unlike almost like a little bit they're
pathetic that thought I believe I ever
owned them but they were in style I had
that that's what I look like
oh look at that bro seriously he's not
sure Noel can um oh no you're not I
think mine were probably jeans how the
jeans ones like that like see the far
left in the blue right there BAM yeah
mine so that's terrible that's how can I
wear those and they have a straight face
and then I had like some nice dress up
shirt on and I just ate plates of shit
but it made me rethink my whole act
because it was it was so such a
humiliating bombing yeah because I knew
that the audience was right I wasn't
being funny I was like about it those
are the moments that make you 100% and
like now I see a comedy like I go to
some clubs but fuck is trying to do the
lineup kind of soft like well we can't
put that person in front of that person
because they won't be able to follow
blah blah blah but it should be a point
like when I when I started like the
baddest motherfuckers in the game they
went on stage yeah and if you was a new
jack coming up how are you gonna have a
defining moment in comedy you got to go
behind somebody anybody can do it if you
got a hot room everybody's doing good
but put that shit behind where
you got him off of there like a bill
burr comes in a room yeah it just goes
and fucks it up blinds it stand up yeah
we did I did a tour iam bill and it's so
interesting because I know they have one
of those podcast with the famous have
you ever had to come behind a destroyer
I forget the podcaster does it but
crystal if he ever had to come behind a
story of coming behind someone did just
the malls going on after them yeah I
think Chris D'Elia I saw Chris little
once he said me in it but when we were
doing Chappell shaft of Chappelle's Show
after second year special we weren't
really making a lot of money on special
because the show still hadn't been
proven you know how something you got a
if you got a contract you got a contract
that's it it's just so happened at
cottages this show blew up before the
contract was over but I don't mean
nobody's gonna renegotiate so we had
this popularity but we weren't making
money and um I came with the idea that
doing a tour called a I'm rich bitch
tour and at the time at the time Charlie
was like anywhere he goes at the time
bill burr was um a headliner probably at
the time in be rooms you don't say and
there's no disrespect to him but he was
going to come up but when you saw bill
you knew this my flow is going to be
next you know he was going he was gonna
pop it but we still wasn't getting no
cash Charlie I never told jokes and I
was like how to fuck you around all
these communities you never get on stage
so I used to bully him you know he tough
as motherfucker rest in peace but I was
like yeah you so tough motherfucker but
not with a microphone in your hand and I
bullied him so much that he finally went
on stage and Charlie with the toy was
Charlie with MC and all we needed him to
do was 10 or 15 minutes at a time me and
Charlie
outside of day with two people on the
show bill Bert had a couple of sketches
but bill bird didn't pop off of the show
and I and I was like but if we're gonna
do this let's have a fire show you know
me don't we could put that money week in
the middle I said let's get my show that
they won't ever forget and Charlie used
to come out to ten or fifteen minutes
and I tell people that I was like who's
the toughest person to follow but
Charlie we go through ten 15 minutes and
Bill Berg will come
do 20 to 25 and then I can't behind bill
not one night for a year a whole year
and bill burns the type of act you have
no days off
you have no all any of that any any
little inkling of being off usually yeah
I like the show but the white dude was
funny as a mother you know and he you
know you could tell that time that bill
bird was gonna be a star weather would
have been movies a television but as a
stand-up you know he was when a pound
for pound one adult was to do it in that
toy went awful fucking yeah we had a
blast
yeah Bill's brilliant I got to work with
Charlie for we did this Maxim tour we
did like 22 dates yeah me and him and
John Heffron we traveled all over the
place was it when Charlie was starting
to do it was he kind of like two years
in he was two years in at the time and
you know people Joe people understand
how tough it is to start as a comedian
as a famous person as as a comedian that
you're basing your open mic er just
selling out all across the country
yeah and not only that but you're Eddie
Murphy's brother yeah so you got a fight
past all of that shit creating your own
identity you know I'm saying like I
could not imagine like the Tahiti
project yeah but he Eddie Murphy right
Eddie Murphy and that's one of the
things that when Charlie passed that I
really appreciated about what the
Chappelle's Show did for him because
when he passed away
nobody said Eddie Murphy's brother died
right everybody's like Charlie Murphy's
passed away so he had his true identity
and that was Charlie Murphy yeah and
that was one of his bits you know the
you know is it does it piss you off of
people yellow van and you know I'm just
happy to not call me Eddie Murphy's
brother anymore that's funny
that was what that was a joke that
addressed it yeah and he and and he
found his self he got better
yeah he got better it didn't he carved
his own lane he called Giselle he carved
his only dude I was with Maurice Smith
used to be the UFC heavyweight champion
and Ivan salivary was a guy I've fought
in the middleweight division the you
have seen a couple other professional
fighters at a table with Charlie Murphy
and
Charley's explaining how none of these
motherfuckers know how to do a Chicago
Ridge hand some karate shit he was big
one of conscious but it is like Charlie
Murphy's holding court standing up all
these UFC fighters just standing back
and Charlie Murphy was talking about
Ridge Hannah is a tiger and he know
exactly we saw it all right yeah he knew
how to fight for sure he knew martial
arts bad you know he was um he was big
into it years of France he used to be on
and his bodyguard when Eddie was like
right at the height of his stuff but um
Charlie was like martial arts but
everything that he said it was the truth
you know but you you didn't feel like
always do this line everything he said
it was true and one of the most genuine
people you want to meet me yeah just a
dope guy
yeah his karate lineage like he has some
sort of a connection to some of my
friends I'd have to ask them to but he
was like a legit martial artist - I saw
one video of him in a martial arts
contest in and it was I don't know well
I don't know I always tell my was like
yo you knocked a fourteen-year-old right
I don't know how he I don't know if it
was a weight or whatever it was and I
was like yo that was a fucking kid you
just knocked he was like yo anybody in
the Rinka fucking get it he was yo he
was like putting kids in with him I
don't know he'd never I saw the video
he'd never wanted me to talk about
whatever I used to bust his balls about
I could tell being around him did he
legitimately knew how to fight
yeah the way he carries himself that's
Cal he just looked like that but he was
the one of the nicest guys man he was so
fun to be around like did not knowing
him at all and then traveled with him
for 22 days we had so much fun man oh
man stories all just laugh-in it silly
and super friendly and all you wanted to
do was man just have a have a good time
you know and laugh you know that's all
shit shit to me and was so happy to be
able to do stand-up that was a big thing
for him
yeah that he could do stand-up and and
travel always tell him I tell him all
the time I said I've got birthed your
career dude like I bullied him into
that's hilarious but he did it but you
could tell you could tell and I've been
around him and I've been around us
you could tell he was growing up he was
the guy that always had the center of
attention
yeah you could just tell him yeah you
could tell he knows how to hold a story
as he doesn't that was a hard one man
when he wouldn't he passed I was like I
didn't know he was sick I had no idea
you know it's interesting that you say
that because I had to continue to do
shows do radio interviews and stuff and
the thing that people kept saying was he
was so young he was so young and he was
young but um I don't believe that we're
all going to live to be 80 90 yeah 100
you know the only thing we all guarantee
when we're born we have our boring date
we have that - in the middle and then we
have the end and it comes down to what
the fuck do you do with your - yeah how
how hard did you live what did you go
for what Despard you what motivates you
what did you do with that - who the fuck
gives a fuck about living to a hundred
and you don't have a passport you
haven't been outside of your block you
haven't been out you have never been in
an airplane what are you doing to your
life and I know Charlie from the point
of being in the Navy to being with his
brother sent his brother reach certain
height of success being interesting
about it interested in the business but
you know kind of India but never really
major mark and then you get a platform
that you become and get your identity
and shit that's the dopest shit yes it's
a one of the best kind of success
stories because it doesn't happen
automatically it's that Frank Sinatra
and I did it my way yeah and it's like
you know people say what they want to
say but he put the work in that I
remember when I'm I think the movie idea
called Norbit right and it came from a
joke Charlie had just start over that
movie and I guess I think him and dad
was talking whatever and dance you know
how that could be
Papa bar could be movie and my father
Charlie come and say yo man gets moved
here I said what you've learned which
about do you say I'm about to go lock
myself in a hotel for 30 days and write
this motherfucker movie
they already gave me the money you know
I'm saying I'm talking about I'm not
talking about somebody I've been writing
this movie for six months or whatever
it's like I'm about to go block
everything off and write this shit and
no matter what anybody want to say about
how good the movie was what the critics
say anybody in this business if you can
do something where it goes from a
thought and it goes to paper and you can
execute it how many motherfuckers can do
that they don't do that people talk shit
all the motherfucking time but then you
say how many you got any can yo I'm
write movies give me a script oh hold on
hold on I'm almost 30 pages in you don't
say yeah let me tell you that story I
was a lot of that going on yeah I got it
I got a great idea
all right what is it I remember I was
this was Chappelle's Show was poppin and
Ludacris gave me a lesson out of nowhere
I saw him in the airport and I was on
ashy Larry ha I was a rich bitch man so
I'm like this is rappers like we're even
right so new recruits come air power yo
Luda right you say what's up Ashley I
said I said yo can the motherfucker get
in the movie or something do you just
answer my fucking again homie I like it
a muffin get a movie or something and he
looked at me Joe it was so cold
he looked at me right in my face he said
we looking for people with ideas and I
looked him like well I have none right
so I guess this is this conversation and
it did when I'm telling you it was a
lesson how the fuck you want extra
somebody for something and you don't got
shit to give them well here just a lot
of guys in the beginning think that's
how you do it that's naughty good when I
was on HBO's two wires before they told
me what time you said yo D can you give
me the number to the wire I think I
could do that shit
this motherfucker thought that there was
like a hotline from anybody from the
streets you ever thought about being an
actor you don't want to put those 10
years of getting rejected just call this
number and we'll put you under way you
know what gets me about acting knows
when someone who's never acted before it
goes in there and kills it
you know like people who are like
athletes in particular like rappers have
done it like a lot of people have done
it but some people singers lot of some
people I believe that you have natural
talents yeah I think some people have
natural talents that person like you
have a person is trained you have people
that just are natural and if you think
about it acting is just it's a plan
make-believe so is just claim who play
make-believe better is it a person that
is it a person that for 12 years they've
been studying in they went to the school
or is it my father they got that one
story that one character they can nail
right or is it the case of there's some
people that will do stand-up comedy for
30 years and they're never gonna be that
funny or Dave could do it for a year and
and kill you like Chappelle yeah oh yeah
he's got that do this but Abdi no I'm
saying like yeah there's some people
that there is this a whole different
animal and the reason why I say that
you're a great comic how cuz I'm a so
great coming you I consider you great
comment I appreciate it and with that
sit like out we do have egos like as
much people talk about somebody and your
smile you're like I'm great to a
motherfucker but and I was like and I
one day I was watching Dave on stage and
I'm like what makes this motherfucker
great and I think in my opinion what
makes it great is like it's not too
often that we have or opportunity to
have a Muhammad Ali moment and when I
say that me in a moment where you got to
throw everything on the table this your
integrity your moral beliefs what do I
want to stand doing what do I want to
stand for and that's how some people get
it attached of course Muhammad Ali was
the greatest but it wasn't just in the
boxing ring what made him great is what
he stood for and I think when I look at
they shouldn't look at a stand-up and I
look at his career and I say what made
him great and as and as a person just in
a belief it's going to give you their
unfiltered truth and they own it and
don't compromise and don't back down to
anything well he understands what's
important about stand-up especially the
type of stand-up that he does he has a
voice full freedom yep that's how
you you I've heard you say shit on stage
I'm like that way but must can fight
that motherfucker got some suplex or
something Hinata hit you like you know
like in a certain part of your neck and
your whole shit is fucked up you know
but those are people only I told me I
was started Tony Hinchcliffe yeah yeah
yeah he was doing this joke about what's
the card mother fucking pedophile dude
Oh Jared from Subway another one he's a
big actor big-time actor
Spacey Crawford the bar dude Kevin
Spacey yeah man Tony oh my god that bit
is crazy that that bit and you know it
for me
that bit is so dope out like this I'm
about to throw up ya know it's like this
he won't stop
yes he's owning it and I told him and it
was just like I said I don't know
there's a movement but I felt like I was
recruited to four gang right yeah I saw
him in the hall I was like yeah me
enough
Dave Chappelle was just talking about
the brand of comedy that you have don't
like state state truth yeah as as much
as people fucking with us
you know what you just say this one say
that again it's a handful of muffles
understated they're gonna stay to their
truth and they're gonna be rewarded for
that shit because the other shit is just
bullshit man kind of I tell you what how
the fuck is somebody gonna tell you what
you think is funny as a comedian and you
know you don't even know if you think
it's funny while you're doing it on
stage you're trying to make it funny so
there's a lot of stuff that people hear
maybe they only hear what no it's funny
you know that's funny just don't know
where the funny is sometimes you don't
know what it is the rhythm of it because
yeah I know you I don't know what your
writing process is but what's yours mine
is like it's a it's regular conversation
like I have conversations with friends
all day it's talking about pop I mean
topical stuff and it's like you know
people with such humors like you see the
funny side anything like to digest it
smiley it should help Cosby the smaller
whatever the fuck whenever it is to all
that shit you think something funny so I
never try to sit down like I'm gonna
write this perfect joke is usually
something that comes in a casual
conversation and it's those moments you
know you tell somebody you like oh
that's funny usually that's where I
start my writing
yeah if something connects with me like
that and I just go and and book and
believe in it and just force that shit
door yeah once you get on that stage
with that idea and you're you're in that
moment and you have just like remember
you know everybody understands the first
time you're trying a new bit that's one
of the weirdest moments ever everybody
I'll take a chair that's one thing I'll
say about you the times I've watched you
that I call them pussy comics you know
my folks just do a set like yo I'm fuck
somebody after this shit right I'm just
gonna stand outside of here could set
good set good set then you got the
muffins like no that was a thought from
last week I got some more shit to talk
about
I got some moisture telling you and you
push those do that shit you could go to
sleep and you wake up and you can
Indesit
we know it works motherfucker
oh no here comes my closer I'm saved my
closer you really want to test about
fucking nuts over with your punk-ass
closer motherfucker hmm Oh what's your
closer yeah and we'll see how much strip
them other motherfuckin flip that shit
up yeah come on fucker
I call him the poop yes Proops
but they they got scared and then they
got better they got an act and then they
got scared again never got rid of that
act then they can't stand for the right
motherfucker be in a room yeah I can't
stab of like this oh that's what you did
bruh
guess what I'm doing imma flip a whole
new set on your mother ass maybe I
wanted to do a set
maybe I'll just build some shit from
this one motherfucker right here right
not not a riff like your parents so
tight but pull something from him and
just turn this into a whole shit yeah
and didn't that hard drive starts coming
because you know we got millions of
jokes that we never use they just get
stored on our yeah
like this people I just is that your
first time would you come over there 15
years ago but the moment was now yeah
yeah it's gonna go now you know yeah and
that's it i'ma tell you I've been doing
it for 25 years and after 25 years I can
honestly say I feel like I get better
every year
me too I think the same thing that's
somebody that's a Epirus yeah yeah me
too and I think that a good sets and bad
sets when you're working on new stuff
but I think overall when I'm done after
two years each two years is better than
the two years before what I'm ready to
film yeah I think that's what it's all
about it's more if you're not out there
if you're not all do create an intimate
area where it's all to like that I'm
great do another special who are you
doing it for here's the tricky part
I'm not on that might be on Netflix
radar but I don't have a deal with them
but I'm gonna not by myself but Dave
Chappelle has gave me a verbal
commitment that he's gonna produce my
night special
so with that said I don't have a home
but I'm pretty sure the level I've been
operating with my standard you know when
you ready you know I'm saying it's like
I just know it bro
I just known I think the energy that I
bring to a special right now and then
the energy that he would bring to
produced it for me it would just fucking
blow up and this is not something like
I'm not calling Dave up every day like
dude you gotta do my special every time
I work with him he was like you gotta
let me do your special I'm like let's go
motherfucker
yeah so I feel good about that I don't I
don't
I'm not sanded and I in this place I'm
in that place first thing I want to do
is drop I put an hour of material that
when it plays it could change my life
I've been seeing you at the store man
you're locked in you can tell you can
tell you're doing a lot of sets yo yo yo
I'm
I want reps yeah what do you do Brock
came first stay home forever EPS can
ever never catch a motherfucker off god
yeah I sometimes I'll do four sets in a
night in LA I did I did and I was so
proud of myself I got six sets in in the
night in LA and I was so fucking happy
because that's a normal night in New
York yeah but in LA you got a plan that
shit yeah you got a hit you got a hit
sunset it's gotta be like boom I'm out
but you feel like you feel like you just
can do whatever you want
cuz then you know if you starting off
with something new on that first one you
got four more the town of night is over
you got that motherfucker yeah it's when
you're doing reps the same night to when
you hit that third set it's almost like
you're in this weird flow state where
there's no resistance between you and
the ideas the material just comes out so
loose and then you know the thing you do
is it is one thing to have a joke
anybody can not anybody write a joke and
that's why you see some of this you
could you just tell it dear good writer
but it's nothing there's no performance
of it you know saying there's no
performance it brings you back to Brewer
but Brewer wasn't just like funny
writing he would get physically stretch
his neck out man he would be shit man
I'm telling you the Boston Comedy Club
years ago Barry cats ran and owned it at
the time and that was the premier
showcase yeah so great that was it was
running neck-and-neck with the economy
seller Congress seller had the longest
legs you know it's a tortoise in here
yeah been forever but this spot and it
was Jim Breuer it was on John and a
brown boy Johnny yeah yeah yeah those
two guys what is it and round boy
something fat Johnny and round boy yeah
they would demolish yeah yep one of the
some idea and then you had a
motherfucker seventy-year-old a round
guy shelbs one of them driving around
guys they all dad's now yeah but I'll
get the name that was a time where
comedy was on fire and Jim Breuer would
demolish it James Moore you said
demolish it it was a great spot it was
one of those real small clubs like what
did that see probably a hundred
twenty-five hundred
30 but it was like it was old commie
club by brick wall
yeah tightness you know I'm saying that
it reminds you of like red Johnny in the
round guy right yeah red Johnny look at
Jon Stewart look at those guys they were
on TV they were a team they got on a
pants we I don't know no my mum or
pathetic you know who I used to follow
at The Comedy Store that that also
changed my life Martin Lawrence in the
90s before God you came out in the
nineties Martin used to be the guy who
had to go on after him it's he used to
always stick me on after mark and I know
he was an animal that I'm gonna tell you
the first time I saw Martin Lawrence and
it was kind of maybe interested in
comedy I was in DC I was laying up in a
bed with this chick and it spilled HP
you know right yeah so boy Louis came
out there they was like lady I give
enough for Martin laws and he says look
like two big ass is skinny motherfucker
all his energy and this motherfucker
open line he said give it up for a
brother making money the right way he
said will you make him money the right
way you could tell your lady shit like
shut the fuck you could tell your lady
shall I shut the fuck up people's like
woo woo woo
and then he said he said after they said
and shit shut up - he said she'll be
like you so crazy like who has come on
son the first sentence you like like
boom yeah and he ripped this yes and if
you was fucking with that shit that it
was like it was everything Martin it was
a good time he was going on stage with
leather jumpsuits on and I was going on
after him it was devastating
well you know you already you've got to
make it or made it if you going on with
leather jumpsuits and you hit in comic
well it was just people were getting up
in droves by the time I would go on
stage
everybody just wanted out that was then
that was and this is what I'll say
the year was that 94 that was that was
when that would that's when specials
were really special right there was that
many of them that was that's when it was
it wasn't that many of the Union when
HBO was it yeah a trio was it and that
was one of those specials where like and
as I'm saying with the next one I do you
never complain stuff like that but the
energy I want to have is energy and it's
like this is going to change my life
that was the energy and that's what you
so crazy you could just fill it I can
imagine when he was done with that
everybody can live like this you know
your life is about to change you know
like yeah a Bernie Mac yeah with iron
skillet you motherfuckers all-time
classic that you know story behind it
know the story behind it it was just
comic from DC na butch burns but Brian
was the DC legend right he was a senior
guys all of us in DC Tony woods and and
a little Joe rector he was he was he was
just saying you got so a deaf champ
nobody really knew what Def Jam is gonna
be it was just a new show so butch burns
had a set and he didn't do well he
bombed like throwing chicken bones
I'm not saying his cousin's black Ortiz
I'm just saying they were store bottles
on the stage they booed the shit out of
this dude Martin couldn't contain the
audience Martin couldn't do anything it
was just one of the things you ever seen
a room is so fucked up that can't
anybody do anything and only thing
you're saying stuff okay just let me go
on so butch burns career was dead he's
leaving going up backstage and he's
talked to Bernie Mac Bernie Mac sit and
listen and hold your head up he said the
sun's not shining on you today but does
shine on you again just hold your head
up you'll be all right and next on deck
was Bernie Mac with the audience that
was uncontrollable Martin couldn't do
anything it was just like this nigga you
all right it was what a moment and and
that's where the phrase I ain't scared
of you motherfuckers came from that
wasn't in his set it was a real
motherfucking comic figuring out what
he's gonna do in his moment and
let me hear this let me hear this give
me some volume in the beginning but now
this is after her motherfuckers career
was buried this is a Bernie Mac he came
out of here before that and I think he
thought he was dressed - oh yeah like a
Steve Harvey suit on so he wanted appeal
to youth a little bit more that's why
you got a graffiti thing and he's
backstage saying like this could change
my career nothing my father's career
it's over and this is a real community
this first line out the motherfucking
box I scared of you motherfuckers I'm
coming from the foolishness and New York
get dem in yo motherfucker women look
good
y'all like a bigger than eggs sounds
look good I love sex I love keyboard
yeah we're getting kicked off YouTube if
we keep playing first yeah you know well
Stan he called back man just now you see
the emotion of it yeah it was like a
guarantee the energy he wanted to have
to rip was there but the story the back
story it being in that moment and at the
end of the day who gonna be prepared for
those moments yo right motherfuckers
that bill for that shit no more
you gotta do raps you got to do rest
they not built for it they got a
motherfucking excuse for everything you
ever go to a motherfucker room and they
beat up my house the crowd motherfucker
fuck the crowd how are you oh it was a
crowd lave know you were lame bruh in a
day job it's out motherfucking jobs I
was going hard in the paint no I'm just
saying it's our fucking job you're right
and I've heard you in your podcast talk
about no excuses and I feel like the
things you say about noise yeah it's
easy to make
excuse but in the day it's an excuse
yeah you got two excuses you got a good
excuse and you got a bag school you know
what you can have an explanation for
failure with no excuse
what do you mean we'd talk about how you
failed and why you failed don't have an
excuse but go I fucked up I came out I
was flat I didn't come yeah I know what
it was I fucked up and don't and don't
use it like I say this girl sucked
that's the wrong way to live at any time
you at all
say how were they no I never seen it how
are you yeah because guess what we don't
know what's gonna happen bro we don't
know if that motherfucker in the front
row is thinking about a funeral yeah
yeah we don't know that but it's our job
to like you know kind of going back to
you said earlier in a sense we do we
read people's minds through their body
you can tell you can watch show you
black bones she was so upset because I
said you can just look at what you know
you know the posture you know everything
and then we feed off of that but who's
gonna be fuckin ready for that and
there's so many of these motherfuckers
then atern I'm not going off but it just
yeah yeah it's just frustrating when you
see motherfuckers out here making
excuses well it's not good for everybody
that's around them that's also part of
the problem
see when a guy like you is around me or
you know a guy like Tony Hinchcliffe or
people who are just going forward who
live in the comedy life like you're
writing you're always writing new
material that's it empowering I want to
be around you I want to talk yeah be
around a little fuck the talk buck you
know be around motherfuckers they got
more ball material than they got real
mature yeah you know mumbles gotta oh
don't you do I did my bomb set and
they're waiting to just one job don't
work be like all and didn't slide it to
their bombers shit they bomb set don't
have no bomb material who the fuck
writes material to bomb in yo in case
they throw tomatoes I got the old tomato
bit my uncle grew tomatoes back that's
why that's not gonna hurt me
yeah go hard I go oh yeah it's a
ridiculous idea to have a set that you
do in the audience is shitty
I mean you
well you do you know we got you got
search it if something come your way
you can bounce up but I'm somebody's
mother was actually right yeah let's
relax like have in the event that I bomb
is gonna go that way but then they're
bombing bits and I and I just like I'm a
person that just loves doing it love
getting better I tell people all the
time if you like any of the things that
I've done where there was hbo's two-wire
Chapelle show and other stuff if you
come see me do stand-up you'll become a
complete fan because like you said
earlier that's the one thing that we
control we don't have to have audition
for that shit we don't have the
motherfucker get tested for it you know
I'm saying like oh I made it to the test
that we don't have to fucking we don't
have to pitch it and you know it's a
good thing and they say fuck you anyway
you can't fuck with us with it it's like
that's what we are the executive
producer to producer we the the line
producer we everything and you can't do
it it's us in a motherfucking mic and at
the end of the day no matter what
success I feel Joe we get with this
whatever level I mean your biggest shit
you you hit it you know where this TV or
movies nothing is gonna ever be able to
take away from you being a flat mother
flat-footed motherfuckers they can stand
in audience and you've built your
stand-up name enough where for the most
part of rest of your life you'll be able
to create a good living off of your name
off of doing stand-up Hollywood don't
have to call yeah that's that's big to
but if you respect what it is that you
have a relationship with those people
you have to write for them you have to
work on your stuff you have to be
diligent you have to be you have to have
an ethic about it yeah you don't want to
rip anybody off you want them to see a
great show you want to do your best you
want do your best I feel bit and it's so
we're you know how we are I could do it
I could do a show comedy clubs like 500
people 498 motherfuckers I'm destroy
and is to motherfuckas not filling me
and I need to get their undivided tits
like I don't even hear the laughter I'm
like you don't fucking like me no let's
talk about it you know is the worst at
that Nick DiPaolo well he'll go at 1% so
bad one Percy someone like this the
whole rest of the audience is dying it's
someone's given in the stink I was like
what's your fucking problem
yeah you can't you just like that and
it's like and you and you won't stop
into that person doesn't have a problem
with a or a leaf yeah that's a weird
thing man I'm just got undivided
attention
you get committed to wanting everybody
to love you you can't that's impossible
there's also people that will fuck with
you for extra attention yeah you know
they want you to look at them their arms
crossed because they need attention did
that the same people that protest shit
or it doesn't really necessarily make
sense they spend so much time and effort
that's where things let me it's it's so
funny you said about protest because
last couple years Connie has been
interested there's a lot of people then
are fans of Donald Trump a lot of people
that aren't fans of Donald Trump and I
think it's Patti for you to be upset
with anybody because they chose to vote
forever they chose to vote for I think a
stupid shit but I will say this past
election was interesting in the sense
that a lot of people were upset
black people were upset the last
election women were upset gay people
were upset but white people were really
upset like white people were the
angriest and white people did not
protest they voted black people is like
black lives matter white people's like
we'll see about that in the morning and
whenever you hear someone says we'll see
about it in the morning it's going to be
some change it's going to be some change
in my comedy I don't think Conor should
be a place where people exercise anger
or be angry
how so in what way they don't like being
mad like when
Donald Trump first got elected you know
personally like it was very interesting
and that's seen a lot of comics they
could just go up there and be like fuck
Donald Trump and just right you know you
could find a way to say fuck Donald
Trump or anybody but it doesn't have to
be fueled with any anger yeah
you don't say it doesn't have to be
fueled like fuck you'd be like this fuck
him okay why why do you say that why do
you say fuck and then now the reason but
I just don't think that people should be
angry about how do you feel about it's
just I think it's for that when politics
make people angry it's pop it's contrary
to what you're saying was great about
Chapelle show that the comedy came
without being angry right but it made
great points but even anybody on both
sides could laugh at it yeah yeah the
thing about Trump that's it's
interesting it's like the job shouldn't
exist the job of what president yes
shouldn't exist it's a ridiculous idea
to have 300 million people under the
guidance of one that's insane
and that listens that one wins in a
popularity contest that's insane right
it's fucking insane it doesn't make
sense it was it was a great idea back
when there were pilgrims it was a small
colony and they just came over on a boat
forget it forget about the rest that
shit there's too many humans right so
when you let a guy like that like try to
be President no you're not gonna be
happy no one's gonna be happy but you're
not gonna be happy if anybody wins it's
it's it's untenable look at Obama Obama
aged like how many years in eight years
yeah you looked at age 20 laws it's like
- Ted Danson effect once chairs got
canceled
who the fuck is that you're the first
time you saw Ted Danson I'm not talking
about years after chairs like after Fred
you like goddamn stop dyeing his hair
yeah yeah yeah man is there something
about Trump before that that people
enjoyed he was in a lot of rap lyrics
meant he was like the alt people would
probably still be him if he was a
rappers too right now it'd be different
he's still be popular people wrapped the
bottom
like that lifestyle but if thing was big
to this Matos the thing was because you
thought you knew a person you thought
you knew him but even when he got
elected I think a lot of people thought
they knew him right they thought they
knew him they thought the image like
you're gonna be the billion guy billion
dollar playboy guy forever but you
thought you knew him but then when you
got to know him you start to think well
maybe I didn't know him when you got to
see him as president yeah yeah I don't
think and the evenness and even as much
as even how he got elected people upset
about it but I think a lot of people
somebody like did you know what maybe
all of that shit was just to get elected
maybe that energy was to get elected and
if that was the case that he mastered it
he'd mask how to get connected with his
base he Manson met he mastered how to
get not everybody to fuck with you but
just the right amount of people yeah he
looked at numbers he wasn't about them
it was a popularity contest but it's
also new like these people I got a hit
any any figure that out well there's
like at some point Joe people were like
hi okay it's over now let's see who you
really are and I think it's so many
examples of when you felt like he could
have showed people example example that
he saw everybody right opposed to Joe's
just his base right and I think that's
what getting people a lot of what but
make people frustrated he gives an
impression that you know I only care
about these people that elected me you
won right but you have responsibility to
everybody and it's just don't have that
fill and even though my social media I
don't go hard I keep it kind of neutral
but I said something and somebody said
well the last time I checked Darnell the
economy was doing well and I said you
can't confuse the economy with humanity
and that's the thing and that's what
that's what people don't feel good about
you can
toute all the numbers you could talk all
the numbers you want black unemployment
all the numbers all the numbers but how
do people feel you know I'm saying they
represented they don't feel don't they
don't feel represented don't they don't
feel like I could rock either way bruh
Democrat Republican I make enough money
where a lot of the views of Republicans
like yo that's right up my house again
you don't say but at the same time it's
the it's the it may not sound right to a
lot of people but it's the human factor
of it you know saying like you want to
feel good Brian he wanted you you you
want so many people don't know the
economy is doing well because they don't
feel good right you don't say you want
to celebrate you want to cheer you want
to feel good about it and that's the
whole thing anything
I believe when Obama ran like his
campaign was changed
Donald Trump would make America great
again either one of them could have ran
off each other's campaign slogan do you
know after Bush Obama could have said
make America great again and it would
Electrify database the same exchange
true they said the same fuckin thing
that would be the great thing for Obama
right after birth and I'm gonna tell you
the one thing that kind of I don't
insulting or or get people have said
it's like you keep pushing a narrative
make America great again make America
great again you keep pushing it as if
America was so fucked up before you took
office and that's not the case right
like when when when Obama took it from
Bush he was making America great again
you talking about a shit show and the
thing that people if we're however you
took it respect it or not it was never
nothing laced with egg it was never it
wasn't no yo you see this mess Bush left
me it was never like ah this
motherfucker
it was never no mention do you see that
new movie about Bush do you see it I
didn't see it either what's it called
Jimmy
is it out of ight the one with Vice yes
vice yeah but Dick Cheney and George
Bush oh you whatever think about the
movie ball get shot in the face because
that's the only thing I would see well
the the thing about Bush and Cheney is
like that movie kind of makes it seem
like Cheney was the guy pulling the
strings and Bush was just like simple
happy-go-lucky guy who they just roped
into being president because he was the
son of a president that's that
far-fetched though it's not far-fetched
at all that it's not at all not even
remotely I think I actually agree with
it but I think about Bush now I don't
think about him in a negative way but I
think about Cheney in a negative way
really yeah yeah yeah I think about I
think about Halliburton I think about
all the the rebuilding of the places
that we blew up like all the crazy dick
trying to come from no-bid contracts
that are worth billions of dollars to me
you know it's just she said it about the
bush because if I had I know it may
sound crazy if I had to have a pic of
who I wanted to be the Republican
candidate it was on the Republican side
was on I like Jeb Bush I didn't really
get to know him at all that's it there
was something that I don't know that I
don't know too much but I just I just
thought did he he was like kind of like
mama's boy I think he probably out of
all the kids I probably think that he
probably was the one that thought a
little outside of what their normal I
think he was a successful businessman
Latino chick if I'm not mistaken I don't
know I just I don't know but but Bush I
mean Trump fucked them up with just
nicknames like you want to lay down ya
know like Jeb wanted to lay down I
really do I felt
truck put all of motherfucks J's like
hey you were saving to you got your
nickname yeah yeah once you got lion
yeah like a rap artist ya know it was a
smart thing he did that no one's ever
done before nobody there's a lot of
things and even like even when I'm even
when Obama got elected do you know what
he got Obama elected was fuckin on
Facebook and $5 contributions
$5 donations
he was when he was when Obama was
running that he was the first person to
use Facebook the way he did
really oh man they have so many every
goddamn day it was Obama X he wouldn't
act for like millions he was just like
like a dude in the hood yo let me hold
fire on us right like how we get an
email hey this is Morocco Obama yo let
me hold $10 right and I guess and I was
like yeah go $10 and then a week later
he x4 fucking $20 and then he whacks 410
again and then he got so bad then he
Michelle would send me an email but he
just he'd nickeled and dimed america and
that's what supported his campaign and
in fact that he was at right at the turn
of a form of media that you can use to
your advantage
he was the Facebook guy he reached me
but the Facebook Donald Trump is doing
the same thing through Twitter I can
reach people why does he tweet so much
why does he tweet so much every day cuz
he knows motherfuckers would rather pick
up a phone and retreat didn't read a
newspaper 100% fuckin all I need is
headlines yeah way more people reading
tweets versus newspapers write every
stunned like if you could get seed that
exact engagement in a good article in
The New York Times on the front page
first is one of Donald Trump's tweets
like you know the only two people that
motherfuckers are just waiting for their
tweets come on Donald Trump to Kanye
West
yeah those are two most interested tweet
people Calle West could just say
grapefruit juice and fuck up all of the
media to next day what do you think he
meant do you think he maybe was hungry
or he was thirsty Kanye just tweeted
grapefruit juice one of the most one of
the most interested tweeters out there
yeah you wait for a Kanye West tweet
well he's got a free way of expressing
himself like he has an unfiltered way of
expressing so and a lot of people people
have mixed feelings about it
yeah that's abuse I know black community
is a little stressed out right now
well because of his Trump thing but you
know what I don't know how much of that
it is - there's two things one Obama
called my jackass
back away on you that's stung a little
bit yeah you know and then Obama when
Obama's gone Trump takes office Trump is
willing to let him talk Trump Trump old
charm him and here's the thing Joe with
that said like when I do white clothes
black clubs whatever do all type of
clubs but the thing is you you you
first off Kanye West has a voice not too
many as much as black people on the
throat Allen oh no we don't have too
many voices that everybody is waiting
here weather whatever comes out he has a
voice I believe that Kanye West is
trying to say something I just don't
know what the fuck he's trying to say
because I'm not fluent and easy easy
I think he's trying to say something but
if there was some type of interpreter
you know this would be a dope Chapelle
show was right now there'll be a dope
ass skin Kayne way says something Dave
Chappelle is his conscious interpreter
that would be hilarious did Dave yells
up you know what I think and this not
only talked to him once on the phone but
what I think from studying him and pay
attention because we're supposed to
eventually do a podcast one day yeah is
I think he's uh he's thinks different he
does he connects dots different and
that's one of the reasons why he's so
prolific with music that's what I'm
trying I'm making that and that's the
point I'm saying about not speaking easy
but here's some people did think like
that they don't know how to get it out
it's like this to speak you like my
father you know how hard that was for
the black community here
fuck you can sell them a plane all you
want but what you're saying you'd like
my father it didn't black people sit
back like could you please explain that
so we think then did this was funny to
me they kind of said yeah you're like
like father figure to me like when I was
younger I thought he was career hit me
would do horrific
you know father
and shootout a drive-by and this will
fuck me up brah he said yeah when I was
younger my parents separated at a young
age first off you had parents you
already winning motherfucker none of my
niggas my mother and my father okay okay
come on for his money in pairs basically
my parents separate I mean they were
married that's two wins you up to before
you even get to and they separate it in
mom move down the street
you still got to see your fucking father
so that was a little troubling but the
whole thing is I'm pretty sure at some
point Kanye West will be able to speak a
language that everybody can understand
until then it's only half full of people
to speak and understand it and also
right but here's my problem with all
this and I've been thinking about this a
lot they want to medicate him right yeah
look how effective he is just stop just
stop and think about culturally
effective in terms of the music that he
makes it people love yeah his voice yeah
he creates clothes okay he's married his
conversation and dialogue too
he does his wife makes hundreds of
millions of dollars they're insanely
wealthy insanely successful if you want
to talk about overall success they're
together they have children they're
super wealthy he produces incredible art
that's loved worldwide and they want to
medicate him just stop and think about
how effective but I want to medicate
what they want to medicate him to
operate at what level exactly
I think about how effective he is and
yet they wanted one medication off off
when he's off medication he said himself
ease is most creative stop and think
about how creative he's been how
successfully is how well received yeah
happy and all these other elements in
his life but yet they want him to act
the way they want him to act and to take
the head off
you know I mean whatever bra you can say
well - fuck you what the black Pete
wasn't mad cause he wore a hat it was
mad cuz it wasn't a fitted for a new era
if that was a new era they would have
been more accepting of it man
we just know what that sign it's red and
white now that but that's a problem
anything with red with white letters
showing it's not you know I'm telling
you it's like when I see is so funny man
whenever I see a red head I'm like oh
like I'm immediately but I did a show
upstate New York it was is why do came
up to me I have to show and he didn't
have what looked like I'm making America
great and hit he had I make America
great again it and it looked like he had
the original one you know Boston fan do
you like you only bit of saying great
before like he probably sold the hashtag
to the table but here's the thing Joe
this month I had to had on this shit and
I at the end of the show he was one of
the dudes that was continued to laughing
the most you know and I went up to him
and I was like you I got to get a
picture with you and I took the picture
it was a video I was like yeah
motherfucker y'all see his head and he
started laughing and we had a good
moment
it wasn't no I wasn't angry him I'm not
gonna let think it's hard to get away
from it but think what Kanye would they
had he likes the idea of how it gets
people flustered
you know Terry in a lot of ways best was
triggered right yeah one of them was
yeah um excuse me
it's alright yeah no but I'm say is like
triggered like even and I when I when a
guy had the head on and I was talking to
I heard in the side he was like this oh
he's triggered and I wasn't I wasn't
reading about it when I was tricked what
I would've been triggered by is how you
make me feel with that hat no period
period you know you can come at me like
you could come at me with the head on
with some fucked-up energy and I could
fill it but the energy he gave me was
like I notice may sound crazy was like
yo you're funny mother
fuck with the hat on you're like okay I
didn't get the fuck right because I
couldn't let him I couldn't let him
right make me feel like if that's what
his intent was he's gonna make me feel
uncomfortable I couldn't do it he think
he was trying to make you feel god I
think he's really that's who he was I
think that's what he was I think that's
what it was but I know that my fuck
would laugh like a motherfucker so at a
comedy club that's all you can ask for
so you could what since all you want
yeah that's how you can want yeah
now you got the right perspective man
looking at all the right way I love it
man it's like at the end of the day you
got good people and you got bad people
and it's who do you choose to be yeah
you want to be on the good side of the
best and it's easy man it's it's I know
it sound corny Rodney King said can we
all just kill on we all could get along
if my fuckers just remove the hate yeah
well you know who I always look at it we
can get along the three of us in this
room there are no problems so when we
people expand out what goes wrong like
what something goes wrong when you get
to like three million what is it
three million it was just humans as
people expand out you get a couple of
people together and most people could be
fine together most people the vast
majority it's when you get to large
numbers it gets fucked up it gets fucked
up it's almost like people are supposed
to live in small towns you know with a
bunch of cool be like small town with a
bunch of assholes would suck towns with
all how about if we lived in a small
town with all comedians right now I
would be a if I live in a small town
right now I would be a grandfather you
think so 100%
what are you doing small towns you think
again fucker babies yeah but I mean a
small town a community let me say filled
with comedians we worked it would be a
lot of murders
y'all comedians will actually kill each
other man I can't even like I can't it's
only a certain amount communes I could
be around at one time cuz dynastar gets
you know these motherfuckers jockeying
for the best job there's some other like
but there's some that lay back in there
laughs and snipers was a good sniper
this night but they got their breathing
pattern right yeah they know when you
pull that trigger you're supposed to
shock you it was like you every time
yeah they don't throw any loose bombs
none of that shit the thing yeah that's
a good way that's a very personal fucker
grunts to go out there yeah I was
military for four years we really yeah
we n yeah I was a word I was a cop in
the military really nobody believes I
was a worst cop ever I made one arrest
in four years and I was cuz a girl came
through the gate she had some big
titties and I decided that I needed to
pull her over but I was the worst
fucking cop and I had to get out of
military cuz I used to hear this phrase
all the time airman Rollins your blatant
disregard for established military
policy shows a lack of military bearing
and integrity I did hear that I was like
these mother was gonna gonna kick me out
F was four years I was cop station to
kun-sun career station and bowling and
UI Co Tong sang Yoon SEO noona hey go
they got Tokyo so Wow um four years
military three years to two years in
Korea two years at Boeing Air Force Base
and I got out and just randomly went to
a comedy club became a heckler I was
asshole
I just got his comedy club everywhere is
he to fuck with the comedian's where was
it commie connection the green belt it
was like the black comedy club in DC
this was a time of when Martin
Lawrence's on fired FG everything was
popping in and they had on black comedy
clubs it would be a it would be a pizza
shop they'll just turn okay now and it's
a comedy club Monique had a club that
she made turn from a restaurant to a
comedy club just because she got more
business on a weekend as a comedy club
in restaurant and it took it over and I
used to go head to the comedian's and I
I was such a good heckler that people
used to come to the show to hear me echo
they would be at the door like yo is
that asshole do gonna be here tonight
and that was me the club owner dared me
to go on stage because they want
shut me up Joe I was so cocky after four
weeks of heckling I tried to make a deal
with the club owner come on I do I swear
I know I'm telling you I said I know
I've increased business by 30% we didn't
start working on the door there he
looked about what the fuck are you talk
about anybody to tell you the story and
I want to be shut up they asked me to go
on stage and I went on stage and the
first time I went on I've murdered the
shit and I knew that I wasn't gonna be
doing anything else with my life but
doing it I just knew him it was just
like all like how did it feel it felt
great do you remember it I remember if
he watches in your mind I remember it
because I talked so much shit to this
point anything about it was but the room
of the energy the energy of the room was
there because there was a lot of people
that came they saw me they were like
like when you go-go it you should you
know they were like you should try you
should try so the first time I went out
people were excited about it they didn't
know what to expect and I've wrote all
these jokes I'm like I got I got 30
minutes I was like I was so cocky we
said open mic you know of Mike Bliss is
like 30 people and I would be like 10 on
the list and they would keep bumping me
and I thought they were just trying to
save me the headline I didn't think they
were just trying to give me the
shittiest spot but half the club came to
see me so they would stay there and that
first time I went on I had all these
jokes I planned I was going to do and
when I went on stage I drew a complete
blank I don't remember shit and then I
went what I knew best I started fucking
some minor audience I got a laugh I did
I did my material and I've I didn't know
what the light was they gave me the
light and I was like oh I gotta go like
you know like means just make the last
joke right and I got off abruptly they
us I said I gotta go and people started
booing the host went up and it was I
know Daniel he doesn't know he's new was
his first time
he don't know what to like me he'll be
David's like he'll be back and I'm I was
there almost every Wednesday for eight
months
and then I moved to knit I moved to New
York at six months Wow said ahmadiya
where'd you go first club was yeah I
live either one Brooklyn Brooklyn you
know it was a bet
that's what I loves but Brooke it was
interested me because I didn't go from
from DC to like mainstream white clothes
I was doing still to get over a shit and
a lot of times I couldn't get spots so I
would go to a I will go to poetry open
mics cuz actually just be so dull
the water was shifting the wave wave and
I've liked it everybody went break for
the shit
right and then I will go do jokes when I
couldn't do count because I would do
that so I started making a name for
myself and never looked back it was dope
New York is a great place to get your
chops up what year do you enter New York
it had to be probably like 95 pray like
95 yeah I had already moved I'd gone I
left in 94 to come to LA oh yeah when
did you get out here I got out here like
seven years ago maybe eight years ago
and it was because my message was
different because I wasn't getting a lot
of road work and I was like well fuck
I'm not giving our road work I might as
well try to get more film and television
stuff to move out to LA and they want to
move around here I um started getting
more personal appearances so basically I
moved to LA and became a road comic and
I wasn't mad at it because after you
tone it for a while you just wanted
where the fucking I could make money
doing this shit you know saying I just
the road is the road you know I mean if
it's Hollywood its Hollywood but who was
gonna pay me some money and it was the
road and it took now like I do 40
weekends a year but with me having a a
young kid now I'm trying to focus more
in film and television and get some more
stable shit cuz I'm getting a little you
know skin burn I hate to say this cuz
I've said it too many times be she
should have a podcast I've heard it do
that started a thousand podcasts I need
to start yours I'm with it yeah I'm
telling you my dude like you should do
it I said do I used to do and I missed I
used to do radio I did ready I did hot
97 but I would love to do a punk you're
a natural you could have the number one
podcast in the country no bullshit 100%
let's do you think Jamie yeah it would
be easy you just need someone to make
you an account and just up you can shit
you could upload it literally from your
iPhone or whatever phone you use you put
a little microphone in the bottom of it
do I do it and another reason why
because I always want to talk yeah I'm
sure
fun I get it but you've been in the game
for a while nine years
damn almost ten but you were you can see
yourself pioneer know there's people
before me for sure
I was just one of the early adopters I'd
say a early adopter but it was early
established Adam Curie had one I think
he's he invented the name podcast and
then Adam Carolla went from radio to
podcast and that's when I was like oh oh
wait a minute
was he a radio personality before he was
doing the man show yeah
no no he did the man show and they did
well he was a radio personality first
they did the man show and I think he did
radio during the same time as Loveline
yeah during the same time and then after
that he had a big-time syndicated
morning radio show and I did his radio
show a couple times and then when he
left his radio show and went to podcasts
he got this professional studio built
and everything and I went to visit him
and I was like whoa and I remember
walking around the place going look at
this shit got a wolf and not a wolf from
here from London yo what is that a point
what is that what is that call right
there that's an elk elk yeah one of the
people that um that um that make that
what are the cause of profession
taxidermy but telling when they put like
the fake when the hairs are over at the
fake eyeballs and check is that yours
that's mine
yeah that's actual real skull damn
that's what they call European mount
when they just have the the skull and
the antlers that's where I get my food
from cooking a elk roast tonight when I
get out of here and it's in this from
him I eat that one already
I'll eat that one so man shit man yo
boys I'm eating elk they black you
changed
Yohe gates I'm here I caught his cheese
of the day I'm not look say he a vegan
any help oh no said he trying to do them
fuck a five-dollar footlongs would small
it smaller poor guy I say the ball to me
because let me ask you this how does
that guy come back from that he does it
ever know because he's gonna was he how
does he feed himself the way he feeds
himself because he's still gonna have a
base the base is my half was like the
motherfuckers belied it fucking I woulda
did the same thing oh that's not a good
group of people you said is that it
might not be a good group of people the
way you think it but for him it's a
group of people right it's gonna be
still some people that want to hear his
side of the story everybody's not
everybody's not like dismissive of them
right itself people still hold on to
like well maybe some people that just
gonna you know like I refuse to believe
it right point-blank well he's still
denying it he's saying they're lying yes
the latest thing but you know I don't
know maybe on it doesn't look good I
don't know don't do this was in the down
on darling I think something else was
going on breath I think something did I
think he was I think he was possibly
paying them for something else would it
be
not just thank you guys I don't know
yeah yeah yeah if she's sorry it's so
fucked up bruh because you have like
it's so fucked live up my older brother
is gay and like with that situation it
kind of rung home to me cuz that when it
first was pronounced like this I was the
fuck some I would try to violate my
brother would disrespect my brother I
know how it honors I'll be ready to go
so I had and that's what's so fun about
oh shit he has so many people there was
Ryan for him for different reasons man
and it's like really selfish for you to
not give a fuck about how you gonna hurt
people you know maybe he didn't
realize how bad it would go wrong maybe
my bra come on gates what you said when
you're when you're saying throwing
fucking bleach on me mag you trying to
you trying to trick her motherfuck yeah
cheng'er fuck for Albus I didn't say he
was a gay Tupac he said that ain't no
killer but don't push me revenge is like
the sweetest joy next to getting well he
didn't say the pussy that's hilarious he
said that he was too gay
he already had his movie in his head
that sorry I fought back I'm the gay to
PI here we had his hashtag you probably
bought the white website Tracy I don't
want to stop this podcast but I gotta
pee so bad I did two podcast in a row so
talk to Jamie for just two minutes yeah
yeah yeah I'll be right back so bad I'm
mad at you go right there
yes look just know you know you la it's
like this is this an indica sativa there
is some extra spice in there too there's
a little extra like I think it's called
butter butter
that's like wax what yeah it's a little
bit it you can't really tell it to be
honest with you that's our white boy
just half the ear you'll be okay how
many people still come up to you about
the wire I know that obviously
Chappelle's Show but no different about
the people who come up to me why I did
identify by themselves as instant
intellects yeah you don't say like
people in else they'll they'll it's
almost like they're cocky like I know
you wanna put on a couple other things
but you know I really love you from the
wire that was a dope experience did you
ever watch HBO's the corner I started I
started I think I got I feel like it was
six episodes and I watched it I was a
net okay
I played a heroin addict and that and um
a lot of people don't know people are
offense if you were a fan of the Y you
definitely been a fan of the corner
because so many of the actors came back
to you after I watched the wire I wanted
more and more content like that and so I
went back and tried to watch it but I
just
I actually enjoyed rewatching the wire
more I watch I like to show and I was
supposed to my character was supposed to
UM build up more but the Baltimore
Tourism Board was upset that every time
someone goes shooting bald somebody
depicted as a a drug-infested pretty
much what it is so that's why they went
from the if you noticed the shift in the
writing they went from the towers to the
docks like how to Friday we get to the
docks go that's because they didn't just
want to be in the hood like that but
David Simon he was a he was like yo I
liked you you know what you did so they
brought me back for the last for the
last season I've tried to get Joe to
watch it but it's it's like it's ten
years old now so it's right back into an
old show yeah but it's so good so many
people people like they were like
definitely wire fanatics and when they
brought me back to last season I was
nervous because HBO - last season any
sean HBO - writers get vindictive and
they do nasty shit to the characters
like the last season the odds
it was dudes getting raped on Caza went
even on odds there was like dude I'm on
Nickelodeon I'm just trying to get to
the bathroom it but they was right to me
I didn't get raped the last season and
it was fun I got it I know I gotta
settle down and choose it for a run yeah
get in and it's still at sea you just
gotta watch it because it's so good his
character comes up at like the best time
and he's not - spoiler alert it but like
the follow the money starts with him and
like that's a you know that my role
would have been like if they didn't
switch to tone if they would have kept
it in the towers my shivers because I
was the connection between the streets
and the politics I know I could have
blown a carrot I'll and when I first got
busted when I was in the room I was
trying to I was gonna rob the mansion
and we'll tell you - he said what's your
name I said my name is um
day-day my name is day day but they
mostly call me um Damian right and then
he said my name is Daniel and they
mostly call me lieutenant
and this is after I had already said how
old robbed a whole career because I
thought he was a driver with me and that
character should have been all
Landen but so so it was a good
opportunity there was another cool
platform it was though I cannot say
whatever happens in my career
I was on two shows they'll go down in
television history the wires yeah I
believe you about the wire I mean
everybody said it I just I never settled
down and watched it but for sure the
Chappelle show is the greatest sketch
comedy it's it's one number one in
number two is like that and in living
color and you could pick your spot
depending upon when you grew up and what
it meant to you because for a lot of
people in living color to because it was
on Fox you didn't have to have cable to
get it it was on Fox wouldn't have to
have cable
Fox no Fox was regular TV right but then
it was like it was new to because it was
for the most part of all black cast all
black cast yes
dancers it was Jennifer Lopez everybody
was making money again ass when I was up
I don't live the ways I think it was a
Shawn was a DJ how many think he knew
how to DJ but Keenan had that fucking
vision man yeah he had that vision who's
like I know seasons that go oh no
probably six didn't really go that man
yeah it was dumb
that was the show every comedian hoped
that they would every year they would
come around say they're looking for new
people for a liver color in every city
was like just busting doors down and
trying to get audition Wow I remember
Washington for the first time I was at a
pool hall and like Yonkers New York and
I looked up at the screen me and a buddy
of mine my friend John Tobin we're
playing pool and we're watching this
Charles like what in the fuck do we do
with no lips when fire marshal bill came
out was like God the fuck John Kerry was
I was an animal man he was again like
like once you saw him you just start
laughing yeah he was an animal I mean
how many times
what do we have now homey the clown
clown home we don't play that girls were
always good Paul Mooney um wrote the
home in Concord really yeah did he yep
that's hilarious it was groundbreaking
it was Wanda Wow
but look at that funny right let's talk
about um know before career that
motherfuck
Jamie flower go for that - Oscar that
motherfucker could do anything did he do
anything and sing yeah we've talked
about it before he's got that weird he's
got that weird ability to do anything
like when Mike Tyson was talking about
Jamie playing him you know he was he
apparently is Oh kill him he's gonna
kill it it's gonna kill him he could do
anything he can swing he's got great
stories man I'm on the podcast a great
great stone he's just a good guy any
time I've ran into any time I've talked
to him he's always been a really cool do
a good doom yeah he's very friendly
last time I saw was at a gas station
he's got some crazy fucking truck some
weird thing I was like what is that I
never even saw one of those before I
don't know what it is I think you got a
whole bunch of what you've never seen
before as you know like what is it oh
that was it something new some new
custom-made weird fucking truck right
looks like something from the future
does he drive it or just he was driving
it yeah yeah he was
yeah good dude
he never do I think he's doing more
stand-up again our he's doing more
stand-up but you know how do you that's
a tough thing to do too
probably to get that level as an
International a list superstar to still
have the passion to do stand-up right
you gotta want it you don't want to do
it for some strange reason
motherfuckers peers in your group no I
still got it motherfucker
you know who did who did you see that
thing it was about maybe a year or so
ago right when Bill Cosby was in the
heat of all his trouble where Eddie
Murphy did some stand-up on a dais like
in front of a platform that was for it
was an award he got at the Kennedy
Center it was some type of cultural show
I can't remember exactly name of it but
I remember I think Dave was a part of
that too that was a big deal but the
what got me was how good he was
I had a goddamn he's good
he's a community you know even though
he's not using the stage platform you
know he sits around or is like oh shit
yeah that would be funny of course you
know I mean he had this whole routine
about them taking Bill Cosby's Doctorate
degree away from him he had this whole
bit about it when he was doing a Bill
Cosby impression why he's doing it man
I'm telling you man because the timing
was that wasn't so good to see him do it
to you that's what I'm thinking
his is it was so powerful I was like god
damn we missed out on years of this year
yeah you like what would he talk about
he's like probably close to being a
great night you can't play a little bit
I don't know maybe it's only a minute
long just give me a little bit just give
me a little bit okay so here goes bill
has one of these it says the young make
bill give his back
you know when she did the trophy dude
I'm telling you when you watch him do
this this routine you go oh my god he's
still got it it's like a motherfucking
Murphy I know but he hasn't done any
stand-up in forever and it was like he's
been doing it every day yeah but you got
a look at him when he came on like
certain people to just Naturals bro but
it's so sad that he hasn't been doing it
man when you stop and think go from raw
you know delirious to raw to nothing for
all these years and he might be if he's
not but I wouldn't say nothing
international movie star you know but
not you mean for sure nothing his terms
of his do it standing that's all I mean
yeah of course man he's an international
movie star but he could have been one of
the greatest of all time if he isn't
already I mean he is already did you
have my top ten you got to kind of put
Eddie Murphy in there of course but he
could be number one ever yeah if he just
kept doing it but he made his money it
would just be interesting but he made
his market nobody was fucking doing it
like we got big names and stuff now but
Eddie Murphy was just like everybody was
talking about him like his special job
the next day everybody was quoting lines
from it I was I watched it with my
friend Jimmy and with a bunch of his
friends and we were probably like
eighteen or something like that
like maybe raw 1718 delirious so--but I
remember we were just like everyone was
stunned like we were just everyone was
sitting back on the couch going that was
a crowd of boys Clay had energy yeah
Dice Clay head I was like what you said
when specials were really specialty it
wasn't very many of them it was a couple
of them Indian whoever that person was
you you knew you were gonna see them on
TV or somewhere fried the next two years
easy dude I found out about Kennison
from a girl that worked the front desk
at a health club that it worked out I
used to work at this novel say what the
fuck was he doing to me I worked at this
Nautilus plus and Revere uh was a Revere
Massachusetts like this Fitness place
now that wasn't Nautilus past that was
that was above
fucking goddamn a Boston Athletic Club
in South Boston that's where it was
anyway there's a girl worked the front
desk she goes I saw this comedian last
night you got a fucking see him was the
most amazing comedian he did this joke
about gay people fucking dead people
yo no I don't know that but just
sentence is 20 years old
what's that death sentence of 20 years
just said he did his bit about gay
people fuck us all so yeah motherfuck
couldn't even probably try to think
about saying that on stage now
bride it'd be a rough road but the way
he said it the way Kinnison said it you
know yeah yeah I went and got it on VHS
after that to watch it it was no but she
was lying on her stomach in the parking
lot to pretend to be a dead body because
what had happened was he's homosexual
McInnis had bit these homosexual
necrophiliacs were paying money to have
a little bit of time undisturbed at the
freshest male corpse so Kenneth said
lies down on stage and he's going you
imagine that undisturbed he's lying down
on stage he's like wow I can't believe
this I guess I'm gonna go to heaven now
and be with Jesus and never end never so
I'm watching this girl who's like this
volleyball players big athletic girl
deficit she's got her body down on the
ground and she's yelling out oh don't
read the back she's like life keeps
fucking in the ass even after you're
dead it never ends and I was laughing so
hard funny at what she was saying I went
out and got the VHS tape did it meet
just that did you did you did you like
blown away I was blown away I couldn't
believe it yeah energy man is a
different kind of comedy yeah it didn't
like you think he was really loud but
then he was loud but he was saying shit
just like that bit you know how your
prey has to be to even think of that
shit do you know he shared something
with Roseanne Barr brain injury really
brain injury personality changing brain
injury
both of em ours both of them were hit by
cuz that's how it happened both of them
yeah same thing
I mean don't hit your kid with a car and
hope they turn out to be a community
you don't think you're funny with
roseanne she was in a mental institute
for nine months you know and with
Kinnison they said there was an abrupt
change between who he was and who he
became he got hit by that car and then
from then on he was this wild reckless
don't give a fuck guy in this ranting
raging preacher but it turned out to be
good for him oh yeah the dark side the
docs artists and from Roseanne that's
good for her too you know and then you
might be done now we haven't heard how
was that show don't have spin-off is it
doing good I don't think it's doing that
good I think it's dropping off Roseanne
is in my opinion like having a person
with a broken leg and expecting them to
kept keep up on a hike she's got a she's
got brain issues she's heavily medicated
and you know adderall and marijuana and
all these different things there's a lot
of shit that's fucking with her head you
know and they they kind of knew that
when they were making that show I really
think they did I really think they knew
that but they'll roll the dice yeah but
it's also one of those things were like
there's lovable parts about that show
because of the fact that she's kind of
loony you know and she's self-admittedly
loony and self-admitted yeah it's right
man the most interested person is a
train wreck
it's true the most a person to watch
somebody you think you could probably do
better or smarter dinner is also that
we'd like when successful people have a
giant major flaw like a brain injury
with it makes them ramble about shit no
brainer yes okay here comes a new look
the needle comes out of shit like well
for Kinnison like Kinnison was it he was
a groundbreaking comedian like when I
remember seeing him and obviously I was
only like 18 or 19 at the time but I
remember seeing him being like oh I
didn't even know that this was comedy I
didn't know you could play that it was a
totally different yeah he didn't give a
shit he did a show where he would call
up heat out of a phone he would ask some
guy in the audience if your heart was
ever broken by a girl and the guy would
say me what happened tell me what
happened but and he goes well she fucked
my friend
she left me he's like goddammit give me
this bitch's number I mean we get on the
stage hey hey Marcy yeah I'm here your
ex-boyfriend Tom this is Sam
fuck if Katie said that we're gonna fall
it would scream at this Layton they had
her over speaker she's like what his
telephone it was chaos oh man I would
love to see that man if I saw that
working I was working as a security
guard a great wood Center for the
Performing Arts oh I got to see it while
I paid for it there once I got to see it
yeah I got to see him live three times I
didn't see the special but I saw him
perform like at the Comedy Store or
something no no no is it a big-ass
amphitheater if you imagine how it felt
to see don't work the o.r oh my god you
know motherfuckers might be out in the
hallway and shit trying to peek in yeah
that roasts are getting tight as a
motherfucker he was so powerful and
funny-looking you know like everything
about him the beret and the fucking
homily I don't say this set the
standards but it was like everybody
wanted me the loud loud fat guy with the
crazy hair yeah there was a little bit
of that after that he opened up a door
for something that people loved they
loved there's something about him that
was like you knew that he was like
genetically fucked you know it wasn't it
wasn't a good specimen of manhood but he
was angry and smart and confident and
fucking atrocious and he would talk
about all that and he make it you know
as a part of the fact that it was
physically vulnerable was part of what
what made him funny and he was just off
the chain yeah with the fine things
about he had some hilarious bits about
being married about the devil coming up
to when you're married up oh you've been
married oh no this is gonna be scary for
you I go here's where we torch this song
he had this shit where he's like he goes
look at my face look at my face oh he
goes I've been married
twice and you can't even try what his
jokes without doing his voice now you
can tie so you can do Seinfeld and you
kind of hear somebody do they voice even
yell a little bit like all right calm
down Simkins exactly yeah he had some he
had some groundbreaking shit where you
you watch it you it was old like you
were on a ride like all the sudden there
was this new thing going on was this I
started my life I don't think so no I
don't think so do a toilet shut up he
would have they banned him from a lot of
things by the time he got to a certain
stage in his comedy career there was
certain certain subjects and certainly
his bit about AIDS it was so he goes
everybody says aids shouldn't make fun
of eight Sam it's communicable disease
he'll straight people get it to you
dance and I remember hearing that going
whoa whoa fuck you it's not our dance
I'm like oh my god and there was certain
bits like that where people like Cott
offense yeah right now it would be like
comedy police yeah everywhere I mean so
much of his bits were punching down it
was an argument that I got in with a guy
who wrote a book on comedy and he was
telling me that comedy always has to
punch up and I said no it doesn't that's
crazy
I go Sam Kinison had one of the greatest
bits of all time two of the greatest
bits of all time one there was a dude
who's getting fucked in the ass after he
was dead that nominated it made that one
of all times but go ahead and then the
other one was the bit about watching
someone oh this one burnt a loss of last
year and the other one was a bit about
us watching a commercial - will you
please donate money to feed the starving
children in Africa and he's saying it
just occurred to us you know like there
wouldn't be world hunger a few people
would move where the food is
this horrible fucking joke and there's a
source punching down of all time he's
making fun of starving children and it's
so good it's just an observation
I call an observation hit and he's like
he goes hey we got deserts in America -
we just don't live in him asshole he
goes don't send him food send him your
walls I'm something like me he's gonna
take you where the food is and that's
all I need to do is simple he had a joke
where he was saying he's literally
saying see that see that it's fucking
sad no it's gonna be 100 years from now
fucking sad your kids can't wait to take
you where the food is and you were
crying and it was the most ruthless and
wrong thing that anybody could ever say
you're talking about starving children
and it was a you can mount your town you
can make it all work we can make it all
work yes you can
he was hunt you down with earthquake
like effects you know what a punch I
probably killed it at the end with a
punch it was unbelievably funny and it
was one of the most punch down things
you could ever do he's making fun of
starving babies I think it could be done
you can make fun of anything it's just
you know yet we have to know two things
one it's not really happening the way
you're saying it because you're just
joking and it's comedy and it's
observation yeah it's an observation
yeah somebody said Daniel can a job be
too soon and I don't think it a joke
could be too soon but it never gave me
too so for funny observation and
observation that we say we can go we
could go to a fucking funeral and being
that mother falling inside laughing like
crazy yeah and everybody going to tumblr
we'll see you in heaven when you go to
heaven assuming that everybody's gonna
go to heaven one of the one of the best
lines one of the best one-liners I ever
heard was from Dave Foley I was on
Newsradio with Dave Foley and after Phil
Hartman gotten murdered by his wife and
then his wife committed suicide yeah he
was up for an Emmy and her heart was
yeah so we all went you know and we all
put on suits and shit and went to the
Emmys and he did with the dude from
Frasier won and Dave Foley turns to look
at her
it goes what the fucks you have to do to
win one of those things in the moment
our murdered friend just lost at the end
east and he turns to us he goes what the
fuck does he have to do to win and me
and Steven Roode were falling down in
our chairs were like no you didn't
that's fuckin funny there's no there's
no too soon there's just not funny but
I'm not always gonna be it's gonna be
too late because the minute you're
saying it's too soon
somebody exactly fuck it exactly it's
when you think about it that's what he
has to go down I'd this way I have this
bit about that dude who was visiting
that uncontacted tribe and trying to
convert him to Jesus and they shot him
up with arrows it was a internet thing
and it's a story that's on the news and
I made sure I made fun of it that day
the moment I read it I started writing
tonight tonight right now right now I
called up Adam about you you gotta hook
it up dude
yo I'm feel that I feel that way
sometimes man it's like fuck it I'm
going for it sometimes you just have to
jump on something man
if it doesn't make my stomach Rumble a
little bit a little uncomfortable yeah
it's it's like it's funny but it's not
like you know it's not your gut funny I
want my gut to be happy you don't want
one thing that I think we should really
say is we should really thank all the
real comedy club fans that are still
coming out and one of the things that
we're not getting with guys like you and
me perform wild people we perform before
the comedy clubs when I can't a lot of
pushback man we're getting a lot of good
crowds man it is love great crowds and
they want to it was a great house they
want to hear that fucking voice man want
to hear that crazy shit I did anything
like like with me like out it's weird
because like I'll do show I'll do like
an improv saying and clearing some shit
have a sold-out show and I'm still club
I dabble a little theaters and that's
one with a group of people whatever and
I was like how many people follow me on
social media and it's like out of a room
about 500 it'll be like four people and
I'm like wow that's fucked up but the
thing is this show is still sold out you
know so it's not followers I really
believe I have real fans you know like
people that whether it's through
Instagram doesn't have to be there but
they noticed do didn't want to see them
and also best shit the crowd that comes
out to see you for sure 100% you know is
one thing and I can't take anything
grant is one thing to like go up like at
a night at the Comedy Store where you
know it's gonna be a million comics you
know it's gonna be ready in a stage you
know you got it and this is another
thing and you perform it but it's
another thing knowing when the people
that are there are there just to see you
yeah you know when they make a weekend
of it you know that's dope it is it is
it's a great responsibility too right
yeah but you married to it much but but
when it's when it's like your only
option for the most part that's all I do
now mm-hmm you know so it's good yeah
but it's you're like you're in control
your own destiny man I just think the
only thing you're missing is the podcast
I think your podcast will be gigantic I
think I want to do it John dog 100 said
you have to do it I'm telling you he
tells me like we'll be talking he'll be
like son were you gonna do you I said
I'm doing Joe Rogan's podcast he was
like yeah but son when you gonna do
yours you need to do one like you're so
good at this let's set it up set it up
Jamie - so weird I know wrong too soon
yeah I like it I like it
that's it that's the name lock it up
someone buy too soon don't be a dick
I'll reimburse you on PayPal that's what
you could tell people yeah you mean
uncle PayPal dude you can't say PayPal
is a sponsor of this podcast it is
casual this is cheb but be happy for
anything they will not pop you can't say
paper you got in this cash
but I said it it's like soon the shows
coming over guys now is he bringing this
PayPal account PayPal is great for
buying things online you know yeah cool
shit cash apps the cool I'll cash app
you I have a cash app thing too I'll do
that
no I wanna do what I got to do it too
soon with Darnell I got to do it this
year you should do it tomorrow
you should literally do it tomorrow you
got it man yeah yeah for real you're
really good at it
you'd be great I'm gonna see your
natural it doesn't even make sense that
you're not I'd be honored to help I want
to do it let's do it cast motherfucker
what the podcast motherfucker I want
everybody to do one yes you ought to
kick it a podcast well I got lucky
I got in early but I love podcasts and I
would love to listen to yours I'm gonna
do a part it sounds like a love fest I'm
gonna do a plug you a hundred percent
should do a podcast in 100 percent be
gigantic I guarantee your podcast would
be like number one in iTunes within a
couple of months
100 percent 100 percent probably the
first episode would be close to the top
people want to hear it I'll let you back
I'll tweet it for you
you tell me when you're doing it I'll
put it on Instagram for you Jamie I'll
help you find a way to set it up just
get you either with a microphone and a
friend or you know another comedian or
whatever so do you think it's important
to engage with other people or can you
do it bill burr does it entirely on his
own and some racing Ari Shaffir does
some of the best shit he ever does on
his own ari has these like long
introductions he'll have a podcast is
two hours but his introduction as an
hour and it's just already talking shit
and it's some of my favorite stuff that
he does Julie it does by himself to
delete and fee oh yeah Theo knows about
himself yes a lot of people do them by
themselves you know I need to do what I
really need to doing well you you're
really funny with other people I mean if
you could probably be just as funny by
yourself but you're really you're funny
do to interact with you know like I
think you and another person would be
great and you know you could just have a
friend that's also a comedian the two
you just start you don't have to have
guests you
just be talking shit about things that
are going on on the news or talking
about life or talking shit about you
know any pick a subject you could have q
and A's from the crowd they could ask
you questions through email and you have
to do why not man yeah I'm doing a
hundred percent that's been calling me I
know let me help you I'm with it all
right
I mean how I'll turn that down you can't
we're in she would say we look like the
black-and-white version of each other
thank you
I don't know what I don't even know what
to say about that but it does look like
you're light-skinned me that's hilarious
I got a best funniest I guarantee you I
have way more Neanderthal I've 50% more
Neanderthals in the a motherfucker I
mean that's not as hard as it seems you
have a rifle but you still gotta focus
yeah four rifle you do but for a bow and
arrow that's when you really have to
focus but it's just immediately here
like a buncha slimfast yeah um but it's
an honest way to get me you know I think
like it's all you know like there's an
honest way to earn you jokes there's an
honest way to do stand-up there's an
honest way to get meat I don't think
everybody should do it you shouldn't
have to should not do it what a lot of
people wouldn't if you told the average
person all right you want chicken and
just show him like six hens alive and it
was like you went chicken there you go
yeah that motherfucking chicken with
rock before motherfuck was able to skin
it and do whatever they do to it but
that's just how we're being raised it's
a denial issue it's not a reality issue
because the reality is we're still
eating animals like crazy
the denial is no one's killing them
there's like a tiny tiny tiny tiny time
I do your dirty work
exactly so because someone's doing your
dirty work you don't think it's dirty
but every business when this is not this
is the shit to get vegans caught out
there yeah this conversation will turn
them up to a vegan a little bit yeah
there's some dis look there's some
there's a reason why so many people
accept veganism is because there's a lot
of really good points with ability the
biggest point is less animal cruelty you
don't see animals suffer I don't want to
see animal stuff
you know but you know what I don't hear
you you were absolutely right but I
don't hear people push that side of it
as much as the the dietary habits of it
yeah you know my side I hear like it's
charities in this but you don't hear
about no it's more about the animals you
know what it really is there's two
things it's it really is all about the
animals for a lot of them and they're
really right that it's better than the
standard American diet the eating vegan
food and healthy vegetable food all the
time as long as you do it correctly it's
way better than standard American diet
that's also like fish is good for you
it just is it's good piece of salmon
piece of salmon is good for you wild
salmon
that shit's really good for you teen is
good for you it is good for you this
idea that it's not good for you is kind
of crazy like meat is good for you the
real problem is sugar and bullshit and
when the guys got that sorted out with
the vegan diet and some people have it
sorted out with another diet the whole
idea is to keep the poison out that's
all it is
they just get overzealous and then when
people have an idea of something that
they're doing that they think everybody
should do then they start telling
everybody they should do it
you know some people to tell it did I
listen do when I was a little kid it's
like what the fucking um the straws in
the turtle shit straw chatter oh yeah oh
shit despotic straws yeah it was like
one motherfucker turtle and I understand
it reaching out but now you can't fuck
with plastic straws yeah there was
someone i retweeted their post I wish I
could remember who the fuck said it but
they were they were laughing about how
you can't buy straws but it's Starbucks
they still have those plastic lids
I know he every straws made that okay we
gotta ask for it I wanna and then you
get a paper straw and shake it all slop
is just but I understand it but somebody
started it and motherfuckers are fuckin
running well you know they can make hemp
plastic that's biodegradable they don't
have to use this same stupid plastic
that's what they do everything hips
about to change the world about to shut
up so natural cannabis I meant think
these people told me they gave you one
of those books most likely to put you
probably to book this got artwork that's
really really
though the Canada's people do natural
cannabis but it's like you know now
business people always handedness yeah
always but this was like it was all
right it was like it was like just
little nugs of each strand and then they
had where from their different take
Fletcher gave me that that was that
big-ass book he gave me at the counter
yeah it was I saw Tony with one and then
IV over there he gave me one and it's
dope is shit but it when is the first
time I saw something they maybe look
like okay this is the direction like
everybody's gonna be involved with it
dude these two is everybody these twos
over here brought me a war case that war
chest over there with that championship
belt on the top of it that war chest at
the bottom that box I said that's all
weed man Jesus Christ Jesus Christ I'm
gonna open it up it's got LEDs you want
to see what looks yeah Joe's walking
over to the box you might have forgotten
that no one has a microphone I don't
want to leave you hanging ladies and
gentlemen but I think today's the birth
of a new podcast someone else about the
someone sent they already bought too
soon went down Elcom Oh beautiful yes
sir they're gonna get it to us and we're
gonna PayPal them like regular white
people I'll do is I'll use the cash app
I'll sign up tomorrow I'll use the code
word Rogan and I'll get five bucks
that's hilarious
just grab shit whatever you want man
that's the whole deal with that box
that's the box of doom
shoutout to Gino from LA speed weed for
hooking that up boss if you're in the
middle of nowhere or you're in one of
those states is still clinging to
prohibition you don't understand
in
I know you have it all we'll get you a
bag if you want you want a bag this
place is that we get arrested for all
this in here in California
drops yeah the future of California is a
100% legality we're legal these other
states their future they need to catch
up they need to pass some laws we're
living in the future with it we're
living in the legal weed future make you
a snob yo la will you go back to Mexico
I mean any other Khosla la will you go
back people like I got we and he'll be
like this
what strand and they're like the fuck
you mean was tre I got some loud I got
so fire I got some gas but this is dope
yeah it's but you can't underestimate
weed in some places one time Ari and
Joey Diaz and I we got cocky we were
doing a show in Philly and they gave us
some weed but like it's Philly weed man
oh yeah we thought it was gonna be like
like low-grade weed because it's in
Philadelphia but the guy got a hold of
some OG Kush strains from like 2001 and
brought it back to Philly and we were
crippled whereas you guys had to be the
type of company that you know you would
have to find the best shit yeah boy I
didn't know it was gonna be that good
right like if I knew it was California
weed I would have backed off right it's
a different thing was just saying that
California well and dimers get that yes
I wonder who's gonna be the next gangsta
state or again don't get the right ring
you know Oregon no there's gotta be like
Philly something that you just say
really quick yeah it's uh but this it's
hard to find bad weed today weeds
everywhere now yeah you got to think
about the type of friends you have that
would give you Bailey's yeah yeah no
need for this shit at this comedy club
down in Tampa something
I was like you got some wheat she was
like yeah I got some we I was like all
right so she gave me this joint and she
said yeah it's some shit weed but here
you go and I said what are you giving it
to me for she was like you wanted to
wheat I was like why would I want some
shit wheat she got mad at me as if I was
ungrateful I want to say bitch you
smoked it
I wouldn't say but I couldn't say but
I'm like this yo why would I want to
smoke some weed that you just told me
was garbage just to say thank you fuck
that you can keep that shit it makes
sense to keep it right yes
damn it just childproof I look like a
crack is making some of those hard to
get off now I swear they're not oh you
could tell that's good stuff knowing I
know there's different levels there's
three different ones three different
colors find what you like got some
batteries back there too right now it is
go grab one of those
zip up there's a few of them there's
three or four of them where these are
coins ya know I like those little vape
pens they're great and you could
regulate it they're good once you figure
out what it is
what are these charger for that yeah
once you feel like what it is like you
get this blueberry look like it changed
no it's just a USB that's a USB port it
screws into the bottom of the base of
the battery nobody move you like got a
roll you guys yeah you got all about to
get a shot yeah that's a wheel got a
disposable battery no rechargeable with
that little USB thing that thing right
there does it work what you got to do
with that ones out of five pressure it
didn't check sorry no sometimes you
press something out and it works where
are there you go
powerful LSB we yo this looks so cool
man yeah it is cool yeah but in LA we
get it delivered folks so you're right
show legal keep rubbing a beard man all
these people out there know it's on the
corner in all I'm saying is it's aspire
aspire to inspire keep moving but you
can in the California you cannot
transfer can you Mel wait no no but you
can fly with it they will let you fly
your third person that's quick but your
third press to say how easy it is
everybody's like this oh yeah the light
okay they won't let you land though
that's the issue that's what the problem
was somebody a basta told me this shit
yeah if you land in Delaware they'll put
you in a hole yo what the fuck did is
it's like you can't do it no it's still
stupid in like a bunch of states it's
only legal and what nine states now I
think it's legal in nine states and
maybe a few more matically how many all
tolls legality recreational I think it's
still only four so what is that but it's
Nevada - so it's Nevada Nevada Nevada
Nevada California Oregon Washington
Colorado that's five okay so five in
Boston Boston is sixteen in
Massachusetts yep I think make check on
that I think your hands when we were
there but they might not have their
stores open yet sort of thing oh hi
finest medical and adjuster now Medical
see what Massachusetts has I want I'm
pretty sure Massachusetts is
recreational we come on man we're grown
adults no I feel like something else
needs to go in here Joe it is it is oh
no no in the prettiest pouch he's pretty
right yes nice yeah what company is that
was the saying that loud loud shout out
too loud loud and clear
I love those little things yes they give
you you know what that's a good dose
before you go onstage just a little a
little quick yeah just a little boom
just a little pick-me-up yes
yep what is your pre-show ritual do you
have one no no I I like to have like
like you said two puffs a week two puffs
little bit little puffs so deep try no
little puffs you know Dave got me back
on blunts really when I first walked I
was like Jojo slow down man we get it
cool by the fuck that's how we use it
most the time now yeah when Charlie
Murphy got me on in the first time and
then I got I was like this is an
interesting experience to be high and
then nicotine high at the same time the
two of them together are unique right
it's a different feeling and then I
didn't do it again for a long time until
I smoked with Dave and John Mayer
name-drop yeah we're both its nice guy
yeah he's a very like um these vapors
shit does like screw it off squirt out
uh smells smells of shit Oh like a Roma
therapy yes I'm telling you you gotta
just you can tell what you got is
aromatherapy thing it's just doing like
this right hmm and he'll just come by
you right it's probably real though it's
real but he's supposed to give me one of
the motherfucking machinima wand yeah if
you were wand I'm like I like to roll
it's yeah like it was a like Labrador
something he was like it was a crazy
color crazy what he was like just Kim
just doing like just like the Wizard of
that what's that smell that you got to
be careful of oh but Julie what you
equals hippies right is it a patchouli
oil it's like a type of oil that like
people were wearing a lot of hipsters
were wearing right isn't it is it a
hipster thing or a hippie more hippy
hippy hippy but what is he supposed to
do just a stinky oil you have people put
on a suit I have like organic with some
magical elements it's pretty good
magical elements yeah yeah so what is
John Mayer trying to do with this aroma
therapy wand
he's waving around everyone
he just wants people sinuses to be open
man I think he cares about people
breathing that's considerate you know
but he was when he has it he's like a
different person I mean it's like he
flight like it's powerful and he brings
it around people have been drinking so
now you got to mix the smell of fucking
rum his goddamn lavender machine and he
only has one machine so once he gets you
addicted to it you gotta chase him and
he's a little too handsome I don't
really care about that part I just don't
wanna miss me chase him for smells cuz
the last few times I've seen him I was
like John man what's up with the fucking
um vapor thing he was like you like that
don't you like he's got like a pimp he
wants to hold it back from you yeah I'm
gonna find out what makes it let me get
my own you should get your home yep
maybe I can get them to sponsor my new
podcast I bet they would do it too soon
too soon I like it it's born right here
yep it's inevitable I like it it's
perfect I get to talk every how often do
what I have to do it anytime you want
wellit's the thing yeah yeah you can
take time off Ari Shaffir when he went
to Asia he went on a walkabout for like
was it three months more than three
months Ari Shaffir vanished off the face
of the earth disconnected from social
media from his phone from his email
everything bought a burner phone and
went to Asia and just traveled around
for months and months and months and
months and months and you just didn't do
anything and then back he came back
after three four months and it just pick
right up where it left belong before and
now he's doing what we want to do it man
I got to do it it's easy you could phone
I got a do it and it's like I think
people want people want me to do it I
think I want you to do it I'm doing
let's do it Jamie once you do it Jamie
is that it yeah that's simple man so
simple I don't got a dance I make power
moves
we'll help you out it's super sale or
bitch you can't fuck with me if you
wanted to deeds a split of Jesus Jesus
red bottoms deeds is bloody shoes
sailu itch
that's what I would say you pay for
would be if you wanted to you could use
that as your opening music man I'm
telling you that's it no one can't fuck
with me if you wanted to DS suspense DS
is red
DS is gutter these is butter these is
Brooklyn shoes sale or bitch you can't
fuck with me if you weren't to these
dispense of Jesus butters these is
Brooklyn shoes
please welcome too soon hit the store
cop them both bitch how long gotta
choose and I'm quick cutter nigga so
don't get comfortable huh that's it no
bleeps it's perfect huh
I want to do it the other thing is that
yeah no bleeps ever do don't once all
fuck-ups and all let it roll yeah man I
want to do it you should do it I'm gonna
do it 100% yeah everybody was aside my
friends like everybody was like geeked
out you doing Joe's podcast you doing
Joe's podcast that's awesome that's
awesome that's awesome like I can't wait
but my friend keeps telling me he says
Donnell fuck that do your own you should
do your own he's right your friend loves
you it's quite obvious it's making a lot
of sense I like the fact that no
muhfuckas to get Wolf's Wolf's that's a
wolf outside yeah Wolf's American
Werewolf in London yeah you can um you
know the thing about your podcast too is
with with technology today you could
literally do all of it on a phone like
you don't need if you don't feel like if
you feel like fucking around for a
little bit get your feet wet you could
do everything from your phone you get
stream from your phone you record from
your phone you do everything
what about could I do um just just about
recorded another maybe app but if I
recorded like I'm a voice memo just
wears it just to have my voice it has to
be on a certain like
platformer oh yeah well the voice
recorder like on a phone on an iPhone
the voice notes I have made a least a
dozen podcasts I just use that yeah yeah
just with that that's been a dozen
podcast a lot of them on planes like me
and Tony Hinchcliffe will be on a plane
I just have the phone between us we just
start talking shit and drinking
cocktails and laughing so the more
important thing is the conversation yeah
yeah it doesn't it doesn't matter I mean
this as long as you do your bit like
right now we have a real professional
set up we have a desk we have
microphones Jamie's a real audio
engineer he knows exactly what he's
doing everything sounds amazing but as
long as you put the effort to give
people good solid product occasionally
you could have one we're just talking on
a phone right like they won't be upset
it'll actually be kind of cool right
like people know these guys are on a
plane you can hear the the stewardess
comes over normal no it's it's not
normal
but but you could totally do that too
the thing is like if you just started
doing that people would love it and then
let it just sort of figure itself you
know as you as it gets bigger figure its
own path but you don't you don't need a
big investment to start you just need
one of them little zoom recorders I got
a song yeah perfect microphone - money -
just do it bro just do it I just got to
do it and you could do you know here's
the thing
um I here's a thing with me while I was
probably somewhat hesitant I'm like man
everybody got a goddamn podcast yes but
but the button if you with the right
network of people and you're with the
right network of people people recognize
if you're you're in the network of
people with we're talking about you did
Theo show you do my show you'll do Joey
Diaz a show have you done Joey show you
do Joey show everybody does everybody
show and everybody yeah all these guys
funny people you do their show and then
everybody knows oh okay
and then it's all in the same group of E
and everybody gets a bump everybody gets
a bump everyone if as long as everybody
is succeeding and everybody's doing well
and there's more and more podcast and if
I say hey you should see this guy's
podcast you see guys on the right
m'angil all the black people that are
listening right now could you please
take a note of what Joe just said for
the last minute networking
Network all the family it's everything
and more importantly everybody gets a
bump
everybody gets about everybody including
me everybody who's even the people that
are making more money that make their
everything's better for everybody and it
feels better it feels better when
everybody's doing great man I'm telling
I'm with you 100% in it and that's like
I wish wanted you for sending it it's
not it's really simple yeah it's really
simple it's um it's hard when you
struggling because when you're
struggling you feel isolated and you
feel alone you feel like it's you versus
everybody else but it's really not and
one of the things about comedians is
we've we've had this conversation many
times we try to figure out what the
number is I don't know what the number
is but it might be less than a thousand
on the whole planet on the whole planet
Earth a seven billion people there might
be a thousand legit comedians and I'm
probably being a real generous when I
say that I would say if I run into a
dude like you or a you know any other
real legit comedian there's a that is a
rare human being there's not a whole lot
of us if we don't stick together who the
fuck will nobody whose farms going off
do you gonna sleep oh my god we're in a
dream no imagine if we just that alarm
went off and I woke up to pee I was like
fuck I was dreaming imma do it was the
epic podcast yeah man I really I really
believe that I really do believe that I
but I believe that about all that shit
it's it's all it's good for everybody
it's good for all if it makes sense as I
was said I was making a point not being
funny but making a point and I was like
black folks that are listening right now
listen to this strategy and listen to
what he just said listen what he just
said it's it has nothing to do with
anything other than community all the
other shit that's in your head in terms
of competitiveness is in your own head
when you have that stage that's your
stage you're there for 15 minutes or 20
minutes whatever your set is that's
yours when everybody else does should be
fuel it should inspire you and you
should we should support each other
because there's not many of us I'll tell
you bruh and that's the I'm with you
100%
but that is the
one of the troubling factors and a lot
of communities like the support goes
away yeah you know I'm a motherfuckers
talk they talk everybody talk but do you
know why I really believe this why those
away famine mentality famine what do you
amen
they feel like there's not enough for
everybody everybody had this feeling for
the longest time with there's not enough
for everybody and I think that's a crazy
way to think of things there's more than
enough for everybody there's 300 million
people how many fucking people do you
need in your audience like you you
should realize if you if you really
enjoyed doing stand-up you'd want these
people to become fans of stand-up so
you'd want to tell them about all these
other comedians tell about Joey Diaz
tell them about you know fill in the
blank
Tony Hinchcliffe whoever it is that you
think is alert a lemn talent there's a
lot out there to see man because I'm
telling you certain communities they
just don't want to they don't want to
tell motherfuckers be just honest on
their self and themselves so much they
don't want to help they don't want to
reach out and it's like you know say
like the conversation you're having with
me right now it's simple for you because
you know those are the type of friends
and those type of people you deal with
something but you know I mean I do know
you mean mother fuck that shit like yeah
I look at it like people I hang with
Chappelle and these are the guys like we
are like I'm went brown some powerful
motherfuckers but we're friends first
and foremost but everybody don't think
like that yeah that's a tough one it is
a tough one but it's just a matter of a
shift in the way you view things just
look at it just try it don't don't let
go of your beliefs just try to look at
it in another way try to look at another
way so and you're what you way better
off if you're a team you way better off
of this camaraderie like when you do a
show we do a show with someone who's a
murderer a murderer and they go on in
front of you you're way better off if
you're laughing you're go on that stage
you're way better off if you're loose
like you just had a good time laughs but
if you're tense like I told you I bombed
with Jim Breuer yeah I was backstage
freaking out I was like goddamn I got to
follow this how the fuck am I gonna but
you was younger then I was way younger
but I was gonna I was like gonna eat
shit I know Big Joe probably wasn't and
it was a probably it's hard to get away
from whatever your first experience is
going to be you know say it's probably
your first experience
it happened like that like a real bomb
like like like oh I could do shit about
it yeah like I was supposed to 45
minutes I got off stage at 35 but you
went back in the gym I did I had to yeah
but that the thing is like Jim and I
have always been friends
and I've been friends with a lot of
people that made me eat shit going on
after him it didn't matter that the
thing about it is that like and I've
even after all these years I feel
genuinely genuinely honored to be a part
of this group of people yeah cuz we do
something that is my favorite thing to
watch yes that's a group of people but
like you say it's like a limited circle
of like yeah there's no always saying
but real motherfuckers yes a small
circle it's ok motherfuckers right they
say who think somebody say somebody name
and you like this ok ok they like know
you like heard you right you're like
heard you but just the real folks and
like you say they got a they gotta stay
united
I'm telling you - couple weeks going on
with Dave and he said boy he said
comedians it's time to grab our balls
cuz now more than ever we're the only
people that we have to talk about what's
fucked up in the world yes we have to we
keep it to ourselves
no it's not fair to nobody it's too
confusing right now because it's too
dangerous to have any controversial
ideas people are getting in trouble for
little have no balls dawg yeah well you
own it you own it yep
you own it if you own it you own it
yeah you change it you know and if they
live normally I'm telling you if you
have a like a good heart people know
your character if you own it they know
what you meant to say they know they
know exactly come on man really yeah you
know if you own that once someone's
asked me why do you think Charlie Sheen
never got me to like what is what are
you gonna do to him he has already done
to himself the guy was on I see good no
no you know what you know why I dated me
nobody me too because I didn't want him
to have another show alright you know
think about it
yeah if he buddy got me to here to be
the headline and he would have found to
show someone let's talk
that like collectively there was a
period of time where Hollywood lost
their fucking mind and they were giving
out these deals where if you got a
certain amount of episodes they signed
you up for a hundred episodes and that's
what happened with anger management
Charlie Sheen show Charlie Sheen made
more money off that show that he did it
even off three and a Half Men what
people don't know that people don't know
that he knows that he's only one denisa
know yeah he's don't know but it's a
crazy story they used to sign shows TVs
two hundred million dollar Charlie Sheen
experiment they used to sign these shows
and they would sign these shows in the
anticipation of the success so they did
that with him they did it with George
Lopez they give you a certain percentage
you know it's like I don't know how its
structured but apparently the point is
they sign up for a giant number of shows
not in 13 not 22 they sign you up for a
giant number of shows and by doing that
somehow or another they you know right
after Charlie Sheen had his whole
scandal leaving two and a Half Men he
went on to have Wake make way more money
than ever before that's crazy
he said he's got a crazy career man
legit movie star gigantic TV star also
talks about smoking smoking a lot of
crack right was he crack who's talking
about her coke was he saying doing yeah
doing drugs I think so either there's no
crack advocates know people like this
nobody's like yo last night was a little
weird you got me like y'all had to me
you can't say you got to be beers to be
glasses why I tend to many crack rocks
come on man ah yeah there's a certain
darkness to giving into that glass dick
once you start going down that road do
you know you've already even made a
choice you know there's no critical
thinking involved there that's
debauchery
that's the happiness you chose everybody
chooses differently happiness I had a
friend who did a lot of crack back in
New York was weird
we'd have to drink like 40 ounces of
malt liquor to try to calm him down
because he'd be just so jacked up from
the crack I had a crackhead friend I was
like I gave so many opportunities just
to be cool and he crackhead he gave me a
crackhead experience it was
it was all the McDonald's brought we was
waiting for McDonald's do we gave you
the money there was a what happened I
was like we know you a crack here but
don't crack hit us
you don't say go outside of our
community but like here don't do that
bro yeah my friend was brilliant -
brilliant brilliant guy but he had just
like mental problems and he just need to
get high all the time he had never
wanted a business escape yeah yeah he
never wanted to be alone with his
thoughts that's a tough one for a lot of
people it was a real one for him because
he was brilliant he's a brilliant guy
but he was also homeless half the time I
knew him you know it was a lot going on
Matt with him a lot going on but he was
he'd oh my good helpful no he's not too
stubborn yeah listen he he was just
vanished and disappear and do drugs for
a few days then come back and he could
do math in his head like you could say
to him 99 times 54 times 6 minus 5/3
when he was so low yeah and he was just
banging out we just tell you what it is
quick $2,000 who tell you and like you'd
be there with a calculator like you
motherfucker yeah was crazy
but he couldn't he couldn't manage his
own brain to the point we could stay
away from hard drugs and eventually died
of an overdose yeah that's usually yeah
that's usually how that what goes brah
yeah yeah it's like this yeah like not
to be muffles come back from that they
don't come back from the needle nope
it'll come back from it it's hard I mean
it is possible we need some help yeah
that's one of the reasons why that
12-step shit works we're really given a
God or the higher power it's like you
you're gonna have to somehow or another
think there's something more important
than what you're doing otherwise you're
never going to stop this shit yeah but
those people become like big sex addicts
shit they would have fun everything
Coffee side right they want some meat is
some answer they don't give a fuck
give me the ass first pop me whatever it
is do no joke that's so fucking funny so
true everybody did that no they had a
situation a mufflers on coffee yard shit
they don't ever get rid of those
tendencies they just try to figure out a
way to put it somewhere else did yes
what a positive socially acceptable yeah
or its marathon running some shit yeah
there's a lot of them ego heart those
newly jump motherfuckers Darnell I think
we birth we birthed a new podcast today
yo you know what I just did and I know
there's a reason why I'm here as a
reader I bumped into you in the show and
we see each other in passing we've been
talking about tunas for a long time you
know me but I don't like when I see it
economy club I'm like this you're that
motherfucker working I'm working what's
up
I know you Joe Rogan yadda yadda but I
was like you know you do your shit I
like but when I say I be like did it
work I'm glad we had this conversation I
just did Bert's cooking show took that
shit over it was like yo this might be
my week again shows it was like yo you
should do a cooking show right I would
do bird shit Burt was like this I think
I just gave my show to Danielle right
come here dude Joe Rogan's like yo done
it let's do a show we could do it right
here like you have to do a show fuck it
let's do it you have to do a show yeah
and like I said you start off easy just
put a microphone on your iPhone it's
nothing it's easy to do I got all that
I'm gonna do it
beautiful yes hey thank you always good
to see Matt congratulations
congratulations on all your success in
however many years you've been doing it
cuz when I was first introduced I knew
like Fear Factor you know I didn't even
know that you just stand up until I came
out here Wow how did you know that you
know I thought I oh that's the TV nigga
right I don't believe this i justa TV
bigger right here right they can do
podcast
it did I was like I think it'd do
stand-up too and I was alright but your
podcasts big right and then when I saw
you do your show I was like he'll go
hard motherfuckers
I appreciate you yo your work ethics and
everything you do thank you brother I
appreciate you too man I appreciate that
your your your perspective on comedy
your approach your ethics the whole deal
man I appreciate you I appreciate you
being around the Comedy Store - awesome
all right Donnell ladies and gentlemen
[Music]
[Applause]